Oct 31, 2013
Night Beast, Trick or Treat, Skull Forest
youtube.com/watch?v=J7eSdXLmj9A
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/395980145502482432
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-night-beast-trick-or-treat-and-skull-forest

Mike: Oh!  Hi, Rich!
Rich: Hi, Mike.
Mike: Live long and prosper!
Rich: Oh! Oh, oh, I didn’t realize we were supposed to dress up for Halloween.
Mike: I’m not dressed up. Jay, what’s going on?
Jay: Uh, well, in addition to us shooting this episode, around Halloween time, today is also Rich Evans’ birthday, and uh, recently, Mike discovered this old photo from Rich’s birthday, and so we, as a present, we have painstakingly, uh, recreated this lovely shirt that he’s wearing and we’re--we’re gonna give it to him as a birthday slash Halloween episode gift.
Mike: Well, Rich, we figured you might not wear a Halloween costume today, so we got one for you...and you just might recognize it.
Rich: Okay. Pffft!
Mike: Do you remember it? From a very special day when you were 5, or 3, or something?
Rich: What the fuck? H-, why do you have this? Why do you have that?
Mike: Happy birthday, Dick the birthday boy!
Rich: Did you, like, steal my old family photographs? Is there, like, an album of mine in your possession? This is creepy.
Mike: I’ll be on the bridge.
Rich: Is he, is he obsessed with me?
Mike: Well Dink let’s watch some movies today. We have actually two exciting films. Two of which are from directors that we are fans of. Uh, mister Len Kabasinski and Don Dohler. But the third one, I have no idea who the hell made it. But we are gonna find out.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: So, Rich, let’s get the movies!
Rich: All right.
Mike: They’re right there, I think.
Rich: Oh.
Mike: Why--why are they--Just--Oh ok--
Rich: I go--I got it.
Mike: Oh, fuck! Rich, all--all we need to do is look at the films, this is completely illogical.
Rich: So, first up, we have Night Beast. Nothing can save you now... in--in the least exciting font I--I can imagine. An alien spacecraft out of control...an eerie, laser-wielding, multi-toothed alien crash lands his spaceship near Perry Hill, a small town where the creature begins its 24-hour onslaught. It’s a housepital. So, so I guess, uh, George Stover’s doing Aliens again, which I’m excited about.
Mike: Don Dohler.
Rich: Don Dohler?
Mike: Yeah, Don Dohler has a, apparently, a...really broad imagination.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: His films include aliens crashing on Earth, and aliens crashing on Earth.
Rich: The mask looks better.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah. But the acting doesn’t.
Man: Stay out of my way, Draco, I’m in no mood for your crap.
Mike: Uh, the--the alien here kind of looks like Howard the Duck. Don’t you think so?
Rich: Uh, yes--
Mike: If Howard the Duck was trapped in a house fire.
Rich: If Howard the Duck became a werdwolf, Howard the Duck...that’s how he would look. What’s up next, Mike?
Mike: Oh, our next film is called Trick or Treat, starring Gene Simmons and Ozzy Osbourne. Two men most known for their acting. We’ve, of course, seen Gene Simmons recently in the film Never Too Young To Die. Where he played a transvestite supervillain?
Rich: Yes.
Mike: Uh, who--who turned into a dummy after he fell off a dam. A deadly obsession turns into a spine-tingling horror. Eddie Weinbauer is a typical all-American teenager, at least he was, until he fell under the evil spell of rock music.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: Now he’s obsessed with his heavy metal superstar idol Sammi Curr. Which, I assume, is either Gene Simmons or Ozzy Osbourne, uh, who was killed in a hotel fire. Eddie becomes the recipient of the only copy of Curr’s unreleased album which, when played backwards, sends a message of destruction, and as Halloween approaches, Eddie begins to realize this isn’t only rock and roll...it’s life or death. And he must draw the line to thwart this mission. Yeah, yeah, I, I, I’m actually not sure what to think of it, ‘cause when you look at the back of the box here, this looks like a publicity photo of Gene Simmons, this is obviously a production photo ‘cause this person’ holding a spray bottle and playing makeup, probably a production photo, also a production photo, so..uh...this could be on horrible VHS, we--we don’t know, we will find out. I’m so excited. So, Rich, what’s our third film today?
Rich: I can’t wait for the third film...our third film is the--the long-anticipated viewing of Skull...Forest. I don’t know what you were looking at...
Mike: Well, just--you know.
Rich: Skull Forest.
Mike: I’m illegally parked, so I keep looking out the window--
Rich: Ohh! Ok, okay.
Mike: Well, why don’t you tell us a bit about the director?
Rich: Len--Len Kabasinski is...he’s a visionary genius of--of schlock movies, uh, he’s a personal inspiration and hero of mine.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: And--and he’s a martial arts master...and he makes horror movies with his friends.
Mike: And we watch them.
Rich: And we watch them and we, we love them.
Jessi: There he is! Yaaaay!
Jack: Happy birthday, Len!
Mike: The master of cinema.
Rich: Four women in the woods alone--unprepared, unsuspecting, and hunted. A girl’s camping weekend for four friends quickly turns to a terror hell ride like no other when they encounter in the woods and are in turn forced to fight for their lives against the rich and privileged who hunt humans for sport. Oh my god, that’s one long sentence.
Mike: No--no punctuation? I’m not surprised.
Rich: There’s...no punctuation at all. There is a period at the end, but the whole paragraph is that one sentence. Starring Playboy centerfold Lisa N--uh...Neeld? ELD? I don’t know.
Mike: That’s an unfortunate name for someone in the adult entertainment industry.
Rich: Oh yeah. Yeah. Star of CW Network’s show slash Lisa Need--blbllbllblbl--star of CW Network’s...star of CW Network’s show slash Lisa Neeld’s VIP--Ok, I’m going to read the--the second sentence of the back of the box now.
Mike: Yeah, this is taking so long it’s time for my pon farr.
Rich: Ohh my god, I feel claustrophobic. And dizzy.
Jay: You’re in the woods and you feel claustrophobic.
Rich: And dizzy. Oh.
Mike: His films are just terrible. They, they are just terrible, um...yeah. They--they--they are amazing and I cannot wait to watch this. We’ve been waiting almost a year for this to come out on DVD, um, so I hope it doesn’t disappoint. 
Rich: We’ll see.
Mike: Or rather, I hope it does.
Jay: Just a bunch of guys in goofy costumes out camping.
Jack: Haha, yeah!
Jay: Oh hey, where’s Mike?
Jack: Oh yeah, that’s weird.
Jay: Oh.
Rich: Well, that was--that was clever and inventive and unique.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: I beamed in cuz of Star Track.
Rich: Yeah, I get it.
Jay: Mm-hmm yeah.
Rich: I get it.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I also brought along my phaser weapon.
Rich: You know that’s just a plastic toy, right?
Jack: And it’s from Next Gen.
Mike: What? What does that mean? Spock has a phaser, cuz of Star Track.
Jack: Dork!
Rich: That’s the wrong phaser.
Mike: Shit.
Jack: You, you done?
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: You know, that kinda reminds me of a movie we just watched?
Jack: You mean because it failed completely?
Mike: Would you be referring to Night Beast by Don Dohler?
Jack: Well, I would be really pissed if my spaceship just got hit by an asteroid and I would--I mean, you can only imagine he’s thinking about insurance premiums going up, you know, how he’s gonna fix this, how he’s gonna get a tow home, like, I would be in a bad mood, and then rednecks show up?
Jay: You gotta rip their guts out.
Jack: Gotta rip their guts out!
Rich: Well, you know, the--the spaceship, though, it’s--it’s f--it’s--it’s intact, though, after it hits the asteroid, but once it hits the dirt, in the woods, it just blows up.
Mike: He was--he was transporting, uh, alien fireworks. It was an unfortunate series of accidents.
Jay: Well, what was weird is, there is no chemistry between these two characters, this is a jheri curl cop and--
Mike: It’s more like, more like perm cop.
Jay: Okay. So the perm cop, and you have woman...
Mike: Woman...Middle-aged woman.
Jay: Yeah, middle-aged woman, and they go into her bedroom and she strips completely naked in front of him
Jack: Un--unprompted, by the way.
Jay: Yeah, just naked, they don’t have a relationship or anything--
Rich: And t’s not like there was, like, a romantic subplot, it just completely came out of nowhere.
Mike: She got turned on because she had to fix his wound that was right by his crotch.
Jay: Oh yeah, she said that’s a nasty gash.
Mike: She had to take his pants off, yeah, she said that’s a nasty gash. Then when they were about to have sex, he said *that’s* a nasty gash.
Rich: That’s after she took a shower, though, she undresses in front of him first.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: And he doesn’t think there’s anything weird about this.
Jack: He’s not gonna, he’s not gonna let that joke .
Rich: He, he has his.
Jay: Although, it could be that he was just a terrible actor.
Jay: What happened?
Rich: I, I missed something, apparently...
Mike: But! As Rich eloquently pointed out during the screening...he would’ve much’ve rather seen a nude scene with, um, the, uh, Mary Jane character.
Rich: Now here’s a woman I’d actually wanna fuck.
Mike: Yeah, why isn’t she in the naked scene? Why’d they put grandma? Well, as I mentioned during the screening, and what happened in Galaxy Invader was--I think Don Dohler, he might be a secret artist of some kind. Because his films aren’t just monster movies, uh, they’re--they’re movies about the human condition. And--and really, in Galaxy Invader, the Galaxy Invader shows up, he crash lands, he loses his space egg and the space gun, which operates via the space egg. An--which has to be carried around in a wheelbarrow--
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: But the movie’s really about spousal abuse, and alcoholism. And--and then in this film, the same themes are repeated.
Jay: Would you call them themes or would you call them filler that happen in between the monster attack scenes?
Mike: That’s the big question. And we can’t ask Don because...he’s dead.
Jay: He’s unfortunately passed on.
Jack: I--I think you’re really full of shit.
Rich: The first half of that movie, it’s kind of like, you’re thinking, uh, why--why don’t people know about this? This is really good! But then...
Mike: Then you find out why people don’t know about this.
Rich: I think the movie itself is haunted.
Jack: Oh?
Rich: It is! How else do you explain...the Showbiz Pizza Bear?
Jay: Oh my god, we haven’t talked about the Showbiz Pizza Bear--
Mike: That is the most important element of this, yeah.
Jay: Yeah, yeah. Explain, Rich.
Rich: So after Mike saved my precious heirloom.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Rich: And it had a picture of me with this birthday boy shirt and the Showbiz Pizza next to the Showbiz Pizza Bear.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Here, 30 years to the day later...not only am I wearing the same shirt...but we’re watching this movie and there he is!
Mike: He’s being carried out on a stretcher.
Rich: The Showbiz Pizza Bear, dead!
Jack: Ah!
Jay: What the fuck!
Mike: Oh my god!
Jay: It’s a Halloween miracle!
Mike: Oh my gawd!!
Rich: The Showbiz Pizza Bear, dead!
Jay: There is some context in that it’s a Halloween party and this could potentially be someone’s Halloween costume, but nobody, in the history of humanity, has ever dressed up as the Showbiz Pizza Bear for Halloween.
Mike: I--it--it’s possible that someone on the cast or crew had access to the Showbiz Pizza Bear costume.
Rich: I think the tape is haunted.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: And something horrible is going to happen to me by the time the night is over.
Jay: Do you--do you think if we rewatch that movie that bear will not be there?
Rich: Yes.
Jay: You’ve been reunited!
Mike: I can’t believe that! So yeah. There’s gonna be a green mist floating down your pants tonight, Rich Evans.
Jack: Here’s what I want everyone, here and out there, take home: Len Kabasinski gets his movies distributed. You--you can do anything, kids.
Rich: That’s what makes a Len Kabasinski movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: You rate--you rank the by how nauseous that they make you.
Jack: Trick or Treat was really charming, and I agree, I want to watch Trick or Treat again, um...but there were too many moments where I was passively just sitting and watching, whereas any time you watch a Len Kabasinski movie...you are struggling, with every fiber of your brain to understand what is happening.
Mike: Night Beast, prepare to say goodnight...beast.
Jay: Pffft!
Jack: What?
Mike: Well since Rich is the birthday boy, instead of cutting the cake today, he’ll be cutting the tape! Night Beast...with a saw! 
Rich: Here we go.
Mike: Are you ready, Rich?
Rich: I’m ready. This is--this is going to be Night Beast’s last birthday. Ok, alright, here we go.
Mike: So, Rich! What is it like to spend your birthday cutting into a VHS tape with a saw?
Rich: Well, it’s kind of like, oh! Oh, god! Oh, god! Oh shit!
Mike: This was a bad idea!
Jay: Get it! Get it, it’s on the ground! I’ll go get the car around!
Mike: It’s on the ground there. Should I call 911? 
Jay: No! Just get the car, get some ice!
Mike: Fuck! This was a lot of blood!
