Nov 30, 2013
Extras: Shark Movies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkGCtin50SU
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-extras-shark-movies

I'm assuming none of you have seen Hobgoblins 2. Have you seen it, even?
No. I don't, you warned me of it.
Well, the first Hobgoblin was, you know, it was, uh, a crappy movie. It was like a Gremlins
ripoff. And then it was on Mystery Science Theater, and it kind of developed a little bit of a 
following because of that. So, a decade, fifteen, twenty years later, the guy that made the first
one made a sequel with the intention of capitalzing on its success from Mystery Science Theater,
and making an intentionally shitty movie. Which of course was a horrible failure. So there
was parts of the movie that were supposed to be intentionally bad, but then there were other 
things that were not intentionally bad so it just becomes this, like, infinite regression of garbage.
It's one of the things that not a lot of people understand about, like, the kind of bad movies
we watch, where they, they're earnest attempts at good movies that fail horribly.
Yeah. 
The movies, you know, like Sharknado or Sharktopus, or...
Any, anything with a shark in it, yeah.
...Sharkopolis. Or Shark...
Forest?
Forest.
Shark Forest. The famous movie where the forest is made of sharks.
Or, um, uh...Sharkmeggon.
Sharkmeggon.
With a giant shark's gonna hit the earth.
When a space shark is gonna crash into earth.
These are all great ideas.
This is really good.
Yeah.
Um...how, how about a Sharkening, which, uh, sharks are trying to kill off all humans
as nature intended.
Oh, the Sharkening.
Cuz in the end, the shark is gonna kill you.
The Sharkening, I thought you were talking about the sharks in hotel that drive the man
crazy. All, all sharks and no tuna make Jack a dull boy.
Shark Volcano. 
Sharkano.
Sharkano.
And, but, well, that's a good one because when you go into it, you're not really knowing if 
the volcano is going to do full of sharks, or if the sharks will be, you know, vomiting lava.
By the way, that's, uh, patent-pending, Sci-Fi Channel. We're making Sharkano.
