Jan 18, 2013
Russian Terminator, Ninja Vengeance, and Never Too Young To Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6TY-nBkxqY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/292355069268066304
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-russian-terminator-ninja-vengeance-never-too-young-to-die

So we’re gonna watch some movies today.
Um, we picked these ahead of time.
The Wizard has not seen them, so..what is Russian Terminator about?
Uh, programmed to kill, not afraid to die, the Russian Terminator, ellipsis.
Uh, it just trails off like that.
A ruthless, a ruthless underground weapons and drug organization is out to undermine the growing relations between East and West.
Their plan is to extort the necessary information from a powerful Western government official by kidnapping his daughter’s fiance.
A former FBI agent recruited by the West to wipe out the terrorists and foil their plan, ellipsis.
There’s a lot of that in here.
I guess.
But the KGB has its own strategy for crushing this conspiracy.
A mysterious one-man death squad known only as the Russian Terminator.
Uh, the body count rises quickly as these two warriors race against time and each other in this explosive action adventure.
I bet.
She's got Betty Davis Russian Terminators.
Yeah!
Oh.
Yeah.
I think, maybe the title was changed, cuz these all look like actual titles on the film...
Yeah.
...and that was, like, superimposed on a freeze frame.
We don’t have to know what’s going on in the scene.
Just show people shooting.
It’s acceptable so far.
It’s exciting for a crappy movie.
Sure.
It's a pretty good jump death.
Yeah.
So many...
That’s a lot of henchmen, though.
That's a lot of people.
Everyone’s just the same.
I don't...
That’s so they can use the same three actors over and over.
Oh...
Oh...
So the movie should really be called Russian Ninja.
The guys aren't really terminating that well.
Oh...
Hey, why did you do that?
You can't hit me at point-blank range.
You're so slow.
Okay, bye.
Bye bye, now.
Uh, we got, uh, Ninja Vengeance.
Uh, you can’t fight the evil forces of power without the power of force.
What?
The ancient art of the ninja, the invisible assassins of imperial Japan, uh, is revived by a lone warrior determined to see justice in a small Southern town.
Traveling from California to Houston, oh good, a martial arts expert suffers a motorcycle breakdown in a small Texas town.
But his bad luck proves to be a blessing in disguise for the local townspeople when he discovers the corrupt sheriff and his KKK cronies beating a young black student to death.
Wasn’t this the plot of Doc Hollywood?
Oh, my god.
Real-life martial art experts ignite this hard-hitting action adventure as the fearless disciple gives America a lesson in ninjatude.
What?
It does not say that.
Ninjatude.
Don’t get mad.
Get vengeance.
A film.
Is this the trailer again, or is this...
No, I think it's the movie.
This looks like a movie.
Should have some music or something.
There you go.
It's got an optical illusion there with the gray bars.
Oh, look at that composition.
Oh, wow.
You can see both of them, thanks to mirror.
Ohh...
That’s impressive.
Then in the next shot, the cameraman’s in there.
This, in and of itself, n-, as the title, you’ll see you’re never too young to die.
Ehh, okay.
But then you flip over, and you see who’s actually in the film, and you will see John Stamos, Vanity, and also listed, Gene Simmons
Yeah.
I got way more excited.
 Who is Vanity?
Uh, Vanity?
I don't know who that is.
Um, she’s a Prince protege.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So it's, oh, she’s like a, oh, man.
Yeah.
This is, like, the perfect movie.
Yeah, but I just flipped over and saw how Gene Simmons looks in this movie.
Yeah.
Yeah, the note that came attached with this says he plays a transsexual villain.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah, Gene Simmons is wearing makeup and eyeshadow.
Oh, boy.
All right.
All right.
Here we go.
Um, now first off, there is, there is a pull quote right on the top.
Explosions, one-against-a-hundred bazooka battles and chases.
That sounds fucking awesome.
Vanity, the new breed of temptress.
Stamos, the new breed of hero!
All right.
So I’m gonna actually read the back of this now.
All right.
Uh, past the pull quote.
Action, bomb-style.
Beauty, Vanity-style.
Hero, American-style.
Wow, that’s, that's profound.
Every-, this movie has everything working for it.
I know.
Never Too Young To Die stars teenage idol John Stamos and the sensually exotic Vanity, as two of the most dynamic secret agents seen in years.
Gene Simmons plays the supervillain, no shit, who plans to take over the country, no shit, and finds his plot blocked by Stamos and Vanity.
We, we’re done.
We don’t have to watch the movie.
That’s it.
The two suddenly find themselves the targets of the vicious Simmons, and must take on the maniacal hermaphrodite.
Oh, a hermaphrodite.
Not even...
Yep.
Okay.
Nyuh-huh.
This just keeps getting...
Maniacal...
...this just keeps getting better.
I know.
Okay, uh, powerful heavy metal music...
Ooh.
State-of-the-art weaponry, and the explosive chemistry between two of the sexiest stars on the screen, blend to make this exciting action flick an automatic winner.
I cannot wait.
Even they know!
Really?
Not the finger!
Did he just kill her with a finger?
I think so.
He has, like, a sharp fingernail.
Meanwhile, in college.
Oh, geez!
That was a surprise attack.
Excellent choice.
Excellent choice, actor.
Uh, yeah.
That was the best take they had.
So let’s try and decipher Russian Terminator.
Wizard, what do you think the plot was?
Papers.
Papers?
Somebody wanted the papers, and somebody else needed the papers, then somebody else stole the papers, but then the one guy had the papers, but then they kidnapped the girl because they thought she had the papers, but she didn’t have the papers, uh, and then it was her father who was kidnapping and having the papers all along, and they were his papers.
They knew where the papers were the whole time, though.
Yeah.
They were in the factory.
But there was one paper that was in a different drawer...
There was.
...in a different part of the factory.
But the thing is, is she wasn't even really kidnapped.
It was her boyfriend who was kidnapped, and then she had to give them the papers, but then there was a paper missing from the papers.
Yeah.
And her father knew that, and he was paying Kenny Rogers $200,000...
To...
...to...
Never really clear to what he was doing.
...to get the papers?
I think he was supposed to get the papers.
And he was supposed to get the papers, but he, but the dad knew that there was a paper missing, and then...
And we didn't even tell, we haven't even talked about Phil Davis at all.
Phil Davis is the, the, the younger version of Kenny Rogers.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Phil Davis kind of epitomizes the whole movie because, where did we decide this movie was made?
Where did we fig-...
Oh, it's,...
It's Scandinavia, somewhere.
...Scan-, some Scandinavian country.
Yeah, so it's...
There's, there's lots of Larses and...
Yeah, but they're all speaking English, and it becomes clear as you’re watching it, that this was a movie made, uh, by, Scandinavians that’s meant to be an American action movie about a Russian Terminator.
And Phil Davis, uh, maybe it’s the case with the other actors, but it’s definitely clear with him, that he learned his lines phonetically.
Yeah.
And English is not a language he’s very familiar with.
No.
It’s like, it’s like the old man from, uh, Temple of Doom.
Uh, the old Indian.
Oh, the, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You will go to Pankot Palace, uh, where he’s just literally reading sounds.
Yeah.
And he has no idea what the fuck he’s saying.
That’s, that's how every actor in this sounds like.
Yeah, that’s how, that’s how you end up, where people are, are putting inflections on the wrong words.
Yep, and it sounds wrong.
Which creates the best line in the movie.
Oh, yes, which is...?
Go ahead, Jay.
You’ve earned it.
That’s what friends *are* for!
It's obvious, though, that once this movie was completed, someone had to either market it or try and sell it, and the movie has nothing to do with the Russian Terminator.
He's, he's a minor character.
He's, like, the Boba Fett.
Well, he's not even the Terminator, though.
He's a ninja.
He's the Russian Ninja.
The movie calls, they do call him, at one point, the Russian...
Ninja.
The movie should've been called Russian Ninja.
They do say Russian Ninja, yeah.
They do call him the Russian Ninja.
I wonder if that was the original title that they changed to, to capitalize on the Terminator name.
Russian Ninja's not a very good title either.
No.
No.
But, but he's such a minor character, I mean, maybe he's the thing that kind of ties all the betrayals and double-crosses all together, but it's not a movie about the Russian Terminator.
He's just a character in it.
So they said, well, what, what's this movie?
Old, old Kenny Rogers in a beard walks around?
Yeah.
Or, Russian Terminator.
Which title do you go with?
I would watch old Kenny Rogers walk around.
Oh, walks around, walks around looking bored, looking for papers.
He barges into the Cerberus pool suites, and, and starts beating the shit out of a guy.
That's some of the highlights of the movie when it's cutting back and forth between those two, having their, their banter.
I've seen one of those before.
You can make a soundboard just for that guy.
Yeah.
Phil Davis.
Oh, his name is Phil!
Fuck.
You.
Phil Davis.
That's just made the movie.
I am normal American man.
Phil Davis.
Did we ever find out why they go to the Cerberus pool suites?
Like, the scene...
Right after the...
The scene, the scene before, there, yeah, there, there's a failed, uh, robbery...
No, that's, that's when she takes the papers...
She takes, yeah.
...and then they're, like, that's, these, these are not enough papers, we need more papers to paper.
And, then, uh, then immediately, right after she leaves and gets in the car, and Phil Davis tells her the story about how he got attacked by the Russian Ninja.
He's like, guess what happened to me, this crazy guy, and then they are swimming.
Yeah.
Yeah, everybody moves very slow in this movie.
Particularly the ninja.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Be careful, Kenny Rogers.
I'm still kind of, like...that was a great punch right there.
Did you see that, just...
Oh, no.
He's confused.
There is the, there is the slow ninja fight scene on, at Kenny Rogers' house, um, where him and his...
Right at the beginning.
Yeah.
Yeah, where him and his husband...
Yeah, where they live...
Hey, his wife was beautiful.
Honey, you look like David Coverdale.
Where the, the other movie's the one with Gene Simmons in drag, right?
We need to talk about his sweatshirt.
I, that, I'm gonna make it my life's goal to find that sweatshirt.
Describe the sweatshirt for the audience, Jay.
Well, the sweatshirt has planes on it.
Like fighter jets.
Yes.
Like fighter jets, randomly.
And then there's, like, little patterns behind it.
You know, it's one of those shirts, like, I have a, I have a friend that lives in Korea, and he, when he comes back to visit, he'll bring a shirt that he bought in Korea, and it'll just have random American words on it.
Oh, yes.
And images.
That's what that shirt felt like, like they had a shirt that looked like, this is American shirt, it's got planes and words that are in English.
That's what it felt like.
So, obviously, the creators of Russian Terminator wanted to make an American-style action movie.
They threw in all sorts of elements that didn't make any sense, and slapped a movie together.
I, I get the impression that they didn't speak English, but they watched a lot of American action movies, and then tried to write something in, in the best English they could that would replicate an American action movie.
Yeah.
And that's why it comes across so confusing, because they don't understand what's happening in their own movie.
Just because you're foreign, and you're trying to write in a different language, doesn't make up for the lack of complete logic, though.
You know?
Yeah, what, what was up with that?
The Russian Ninja, he...
He slowly got away.
He pulled the guy out of the helicopter, and he awkwardly fell on the floor.
It looks like they really filmed that, though, without any stunt work, or cables.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
They just, like, hover the helicopter, I'll just climb up on it.
Mm-hmm.
They did.
Yeah.
Someone might get hurt.
I don't know.
It really looks like that, so it's, hey, neat.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That's the catchphrase.
The action catchphrase.
You got a problem.
You’re gonna die.
Yeah!
Well, what's the consensus on Russian Terminator?
Uh, good-bad, bad-bad, is it, is it...
It's, it's riding that line between frustrating-bad and good-bad.
There's part of it that are really funny.
I think it's just up above it due to, there was enough you could puzzle through for fun and, you know, sort of make up...
Yeah.
...you know, it's like, trying to actually sew the parts together was fun, whereas in a lot of movies, that just be, I don't give a shit.
Yeah, like, give up.
Just, get the papers and whatever.
But, no, it was, like, oh, who's that, what are they doing, why are they doing that, wait a minute, what did he just say?
Where's everybody going, where's everybody walking, where is everybody in relation to everyone?
Yeah.
Sometimes a complete bizarre confusion can be fun.
Yeah.
Especially when two main characters just show up in a swimming pool for no reason.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So our second film, which also had a ninja in it, is called Ninja Vengeance.
Jay; Yes.
Um, which is categorized under L.
Yeah.
Uh, for something.
For love.
Love, a love story, maybe?
It's a love story.
It's a love story.
There is a love story in it.
But there's also, like Russian Terminator which is Russian Ninja, this is Ninja Vengeance, but there is no ninja in it.
Well, he is a ninja, but he's never wearing a ninja outfit.
He, yes...
He just talks about the fact that he's a ninja.
He's not like a movie ninja, like, I'm a ninja, and I'm stealthy, like...
He's the worst ninja.
He's a terrible ninja.
That would be a good title for the movie.
The Worst Ninja.
The Worst Ninja, yeah.
He's gonna be a ninja now.
Ninja time.
Ninja.
He's got a ninja book!
He's got his ninja book.
Ninja for dummies.
His ninja whip.
Oh.
And his ninja claws.
Well, let's talk about the story of this movie.
It's the exact opposite of Russian Terminator, where you can always follow what's going on because so little is going on.
Too easy to follow.
It's too easy to follow.
This, this ninja, he's traveling through town, because he's on his way to a ninja convention.
He's going, he's going to the ninja convention in Houston.
In Houston.
His motorcycle breaks down in a small town where everybody is racist.
The KKK rules the town.
All the cops are racist.
What?
He's being a racist.
Dog theory?
Oh, my god.
So, yeah, and then the black kid gets killed, and the ninja gets, not framed for it.
They, they didn't intend to kill the black kid.
It was sort of accidental.
Yeah.
They were all shocked that he got killed.
They just meant to rough him up.
Yeah.
Um, so then, yeah, they needed, uh, someone to blame.
So why not blame the new guy, passing through town, who has, uh, a suitcase filled with weapons.
Yes.
John Tesh ninja escapes from prison.
We don't really see how.
Yeah.
We see, oh, he got out of his cell.
Yeah, he didn't do anything clever, no clever ninja thing.
He just got out.
They had little surveillance, uh, camera feed going on one of the TV's, and it's, like, this big, and you see in it in the background, and he's just, like, ehh, and walking out, and that's it.
Yeah.
So then we have to sit through five more hours.
The movie goes on for five more hours of them just wandering around the woods, running away from the, the rednecks.
He and, and Sam...
Sledgehammer.
Sledgehammer, muppet cow lady...
Well, why, why are we calling her muppet cow lady?
Well, number one, she, she got the cow nickname because, uh, apparently, he feels that she sounds like a cow.
And then she makes more cow noises.
But the muppet part is that every time she's moving at any sort of speed, her arms just sort of start flailing.
And so they go out, and it just, like, even right at the beginning, like, at the very first scene, she's jogging, and she's just kinda, like, got this weird sort of gait.
It's, like, people don't jog like that.
I don't, is that a thing?
But then she's running through the woods, and just, and just as soon as we noticed it, it never stopped.
By, by the way, who are these people?I don't know.
I think it's two guys.
It looks like it's two guys in a loving embrace, which doesn't happen in the movie.
I wish it did.
So is the rest of the movie just gonna be, the rednecks have to get him?
Yes.
Ugh...
At no point did he really do ninja anything, apart from, uh, teach the girl how to mediate in, like, twelve seconds.
Mm-hmm.
And, like, you know.
Well, and then he...sorta fights, and then there's flashbacks to, you know, him learning.
Yeah, but the thing is, he's not doing anything that's, like, ninja.
It's, like, he's really, it's, it looks like wrestling moves.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the, that's the big problem is that first scene when he, when he's, find them trying to lynch the black kid, he, they, he gets overpowered, there's so many rednecks there.
And then that's a good scene where it's, like, okay, he, he gets beaten up...
Sure.
...and loses.
But then he's gotta, like, when those two rednecks at the gas station come back for him, I don't remember what happened, but, yeah, he's, like, like, throwing just, and they're falling down, and he gets beat up.
He, he, he should then turn the ninja up, and start, like, doing really awesome things, and, like, he killed these two guys.
He killed our other two guys.
This ninja is really, you know, like, there's none of tha.
He's just, he's just, like a, like a dumbass.
The ultimate irony is that at the end of the movie is what saves the day is the girl showing up and just murdering someone with a shotgun.
Yeah.
Oh, my god
Oh!
That was a nice squib.
Yeah.
He's a terrible ninja!
A correct ending would have been him subduing him with ninja-ness.
Yeah.
And then making him account for his crime, and that sort of thing.
But, in-, instead he does get shot with a gun.
Well, he never, the ninja never kills anyone.
No.
But, but the correct ending...
He basically manages to trick other people into killing people.
Basically.
Well, that's his..
That's the way of the ninja.
Ugh...
Ugh...yeah.
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, to me, the biggest problem was, you have a movie with a character that's a ninja, that, it, has apparently achieved ninja status due to backstories with his trainer...
He, he received a black belt in something.
Yes.
But I would have enj-, and, and he, he shows no signs of actually any competence, competency in being a nija.
I would have preferred a movie called Somehwat Competent Yellow Belt.
You know, because that's kind of what he was.
Yeah.
Somewhat Competent in Yellow Belt.
He just happens to be a guy on his way to a karate convention, and he's a yellow belt.
Sure.
And he just started, and he gets caught up in this whole thing, and...
He's in over his head.
He's in over his head.
Sure.
And he learns, he learns how to fight back, and all this, things, and he becomes, you know, maybe he, he, uh, you know, he grows as a character.
But when you start him off as a ninja.
Yeah.
And he is nowhere near a ninja, it's just terrible.
Either have him kick tons of ass and be awesome, or have him be, uh, uh, underdog...
Yeah.
And, and work his way up.
I would say everything we're saying about this movie makes it sound more interesting than it really is.
Yeah, guess what?
Don't watch it.
The fact, the fact of the matter is, this movie was awful and boring.
Yeah.
And horrible to sit through.
So this movie, Ninja Vengeance, I think, uh, will get the axe later.
Yeah, I think we need to crush this.
We need to put it out of its misery.
Erase it from existence.
Yeah.
We need to get vengeance on this movie.
Oh, I get it.
So, what was the third film we watched?
Oh, we were so excited for Never Too Young to Die.
This was, this was the biggest disappointment.
I know.
Because it was the one I had the most hopes for.
I mean, look at it.
Just look at it.
This movie had everything working for it.
It's one of those ones that's more fun, uh, in concept, than it is in execution.
Yeah, that's true.
And, and unfortunately, someone somewhere paid four dollars for it.
That's too much.
But, this is Never Too Young to Die, starring John Stamos, and Gene Simmons, a, a, an all-star cast.
Um, obviously, they, they were trying to make a James Bond, a young James Bond, some, some sort of spin-off...
A James Bond-type film that would appeal to a younger audience.
Yeah, yeah.
The, the...
Much like, as you astutely pointed out, Richard Grico.
Yeah, that Richard Grico movie, with the, uh, I already forgot the name of it again.
If Looks Could Kill.
If Looks Could Kill.
Now I know it.
Well, this is a case of somebody, uh, in, in the studio system, some executive saying, who's hot right now?
Oh, John Stamos, Vanity...let's get all these people in a movie.
What is popular right now in movies?
Oh, but Mad Max, and post-apocalypse movies are popular, too, so our villains will inexplicably be Mad Max villains, even though it doesn't make any sense.
But the thing is, is it seems post-apocalyptic, but it's not.
It's not.
They just look that way.
Present-day '86, and...
Right at the beginning, they're starting off with, like, scenes with, with Gene Simmons and, he's, you know, he's leading this, you know, broken down amphitheater full of freaks, and I was, like, oh, it's gonna be post-apocalyptic, and they just cut to John Stamos doing gymnastics.
There's a potential right there that it could have gone really campy.
Yeah.
Which could have been really fun.
I think that's the problem, is that it doesn't, I don't know what they were going for.
No, because there are times where...
I think it, it was taking itself too seriously.
Yeah, there are times where it was getting campy, espec-, basically anytime Gene Simmons was on-screen.
Yeah.
This movie, and this is a sentence I never thought I'd say in my life, but this movie lights up when Gene Simmons is on-screen.
I think he had a different idea as to what the movie was, opposed to everyone else in this film.
Yep.
So, that, he, he plays it up a little bit more than the other characters.
He, he was a, a hermaphrodite transsexual psychopath.
But, he had the things that he would do.
Well, that's the other thing.
Yeah, but you can underplay that.
Yeah.
You could totally underplay that.
You could totally underplay that, and Gene Simmons just goes right for that scenery, and he's, he's chomping on it.
Yeah, yeah.
No, that's a thing, like, that feels like, uh, a vestige of, like, a, a super campy Bond parody...
Yeah.
...that got re-written, and re-written, and re-written for John Stamos.
Like, now it's, you know, kind of cuddly and friendly, even though there's a lot of Vanity nipples.
Yeah, yeah.
And there, it's like, it, it sort of pl-, it, you take some of the violence and the sex out of it, and it really sort of plays that way.
Plays like a Disney movie, or something.
Kind of goody, kind of something you'd see on, like, a Saturday afternoon.
Yeah.
Yeah, like, it's WGN's, you know, you know, movie of the week.
Yeah.
Something along those lines.
You know, it's, it's whacky.
But it's never whacky enough.
No.
When Gene Simmons isn't on the screen.
Yeah.
You know, rolling his eyes back in his head and sticking his tongue out.
God, I love that.
A big thing to mention, too, it's not just our, our, I mean, it's obvious when you look at the cover, but it's not just a theory that they're going for a Bond re-, redo.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Uh, George Lazenby is in it as, as his father.
Yeah.
So it's obvious, a passing of the torch from old Bond to new young hip Bond.
But the elements are all there.
There's, yeah, new young hip Bond.
There's a Q character to give him some gadgets.
There's Bond girl.
It, it, it's obviously a, a, a pathetic copycat movie.
Yeah.
Where, when, when people plug in all their ideas into a thing where, this will be a sure bet...
Yeah.
...we'll have this, we'll have this, that's when it blows up.
It's a, it's a field marketing attempt.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
It's when, and when you've taken, like, I mean, John Stamos generally speaking, is a fairly charming actor, like, that's what he's got going for him.
He just, I didn't give a shit about, I mean, like, I, I was initially excited that it was gonna be, like, oh, it's gonna be John Stamos, it's gonna be, like, you know, he's gonna be all Stamos, and whatever, but, he's just kind there.
Yeah.
He didn't go full Stamos.
No, no.
That was an amazing scene, though, the, the sexual tension-slash-comedy scene.
Oh, that's where I thought it was turning into a Naked Gun movie.
Yeah.
Where it gets, yeah, it keeps escalating in a comedic fashion.
Yeah.
Which I don't think was intentional.
He keep, they keep cutting back to him cutting back to her, and he's, like, cut back to her and she's, like, and then she's, like, she's in, like, laying out, putting oil all over herself, then the next scene, she's pouring a hose on herself, like, he keeps going in and out of the door, and then he's eating an apple...
Oh, yeah.
He's obsessed with eating fruit, like that's gonna suppress his, his, uh, urges or something.
But then after, after all that, after all that sexual tension, and all that, they just have sex.
They just have sex.
Let's talk about the use of bad dummies.
Oh!
Oh, yeah, that's one thing they had going.
That was really great.
All right.
Yeah, no, I'm in.
The editor saw that and said, you know what, let's just leave it in.
Oh, yeah.
Put that in the movie.
There's nothing better than a bad dummy.
Yes.
The, the best bad dummy, though, by far, is in the movie The Fugitive with Harrison Ford.
In the behind the scenes of The Fugitive, they're talking about the state-of-the-art dummy that they're gonna throw off the waterfall, you know, when he's in the pipe?
Yeah.
At the, and they're, like, this dummy cost us $50,000, it's fully articulated, then they cut to the scene, and the dummy falls, and it's just, and, and it's hysterical.
So the dummies in, uh, in Never Too Young to Die, definitely fall on the, uh, bad dummy, uh, uh, scale, side of the spectrum.
Mm-hmm.
But, creatively, used, used in two different ways, cuz there are two different dummies.
One of which is thrown down kind of a, kind of a shaft, and tehn falls onto some railings...
Sorry.
But, cl-, clearly, as Mike pointed this out when we were watching, very clearly the editor was just, like, yeah, leaving that in, that's hilarious.
And then, spoilers, at the end of this stupid-ass movie...
Spoilers?
Gene, Gene Simmons gets thrown off the fucking Hoover Dam, or whatever dam it is.
And so you're watching, uh, uh, a dummy with, you know, which is, you know, the tallest dummy you've ever seen in your life, dressed in the, you know, get-up that...
Kind of drag.
It's a sort of drag, yeah, with, like, giant hair, and it's just, like, you're just sort of watching it just tumble, and just, like...
It's banging into the thing.
It's amazing, yeah, running into stuff, and bouncing...
I'm surprised it's not falling apart.
Yeah.
That's where I think of, like, the prop department, because they're not, they have no emotional investment in the story or the movie, they're just, like, dressing up this dummy, and thinking, like, what are we doing?
But I have a feeling that, that the director and every single member of the crew did not care about this project.
I, I don't think so.
No.
I...
I get the distinct impression, after watching the film, that's the case.
Um, one thing that is really disappointing, that I feel kind of lied to about, is on the back here, there were explosion, and there chases, but there was no one-against-a-hundred bazooka battles.
What is, is that even English?
No.
So is it a hundred people with one bazooka, or...
This is a film from the...
Or is it one person fighting a hundred bazookas?
A person against a hundred bazookas.
Well, the, it doesn't matter, because there were no bazookas in the movie.
There was not even a one bazooka.
There wasn't one bazooka.
No, there was, like, little iron-throwing shit.
I am kind of pissed.
Helmet!
I'm so angry!
He really hates helmets!
And there were no chases.
Uh...
There was.
Yeah, there were chases.
The highway chase.
Remember when Vanity goes, goes Griswold?
Yeah.
Yeah.
She goes full Griswold.
Full Griswold.
See...
For no reason at all.
It's not okay to go full Stamos, but it is okay to go full Griswold.
Holy shit.
You know, I slept on this, thought about it long and hard, and my vote for the best movie out of the three is Russian Terminator.
As far as entertainment value goes, as far as, uh, uh, audience participation goes, of constantly yelling questions and being engaged, I, I had more fun watching this than I did Never Too Young to Die, which is disappointing, because I had high hopes for Stamos.
I was more entertained by Never Too Young to Die.
I was, I was because there, there was, there was music, there, there, you know, I actually, I actually cared about, I actually cared about, like, the Stamos character in the beginning where, you know, he has a rocky relationship with his father, and stuff like that.
So, Jessi, your vote is for...
Never Too Young to Die.
Josh?
Russian Terminator.
Are we going on funny-bad, or, like, not a bad movie?
I think we're going funny-bad.
I was going on most entertaining.
Yeah.
Literally, literally I was more entertained by the time spent, whether good, whether, you know, positively or negatively...
Yeah.
I was more, I mean, it's not like it was fucking Ninja Vengeance, cuz fuck you.
I, I'm, I'm, I'll probably, I wanna say Never Too Young to Die, because it was a little more creative, there, it was better made, I understood what was happening, but Russian Terminator is a funner watch because it doesn't feel like a piece of marketing schlock that, that a studio put together.
Yeah.
It felt just, like, uh, an incompetently bad movie that's fun to watch and fun to yell things at.
So if we're going for that angle, I'm gonna have to say Russian Terminator.
Jay, what are we doing?
We're gonna drop a cinderblock off the top of this ladder onto Ninja Vengeance.
Why?
The reason being that Ninja Vengeance exists.
Holy shit.
You did more damage to the cinderblock.
