Mar 24, 2014
Deadly Prey, Hard Ticket to Hawaii, Miami Connection
youtube.com/watch?v=mbWTthXfdBc
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/315871859977617408
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-deadly-prey-hard-ticket-to-hawaii-and-miami-connection

Jay: So Josh, it's winter in Wisconsin right now.
Josh: Lord, is it ever.
Jay: It's, it's kind of giving me the winter blues a little bit, there's snow everywhere, so we're gonna try and liven things up 
Josh: Okay.
Jay: We have, uh, three 80s action movies set in warm locations.
Josh: Tagline: In Vietnam he was the best...he still is.
Jay: Do you think this movie might have been influenced by Rambo? Oh my god, look at that, he's got a knife dick. I don't think that's...
Josh: Well, we don't know who this is...Mike Danton has been called the 'most perfect killer ever...by someone. Uh, he earned the title in Vietnam and he'll have to prove it again. But this time Danton has only his bare hands for weapons. He's up against not only a fully outfitted army of blood-thirsty mercenaries, but also the very man who taught him all he knows!
Jay: Oh my god, this is nothing like Rambo!
Josh: I've already got real problems with this illustration now because I'm, I've, I've been told he only has his hands, and yet gun...knife-dick...shorts...
Jay: Mullet.
Josh: Mullet.
Rich: They really needed to give us some background on this fucker.
Jay: Look out guys, he's got a stick!
Jay: So next we have, as a part of the wonderful Andy Sidaris Collection, uh, one of my favorites, I've seen this one before, Hard Ticket to Hawaii.
Josh: That was a b-fest one, wasn't it?
Jay: Yeah, that was a b-fest movie. Not the most exciting box, because as you can see, there's 12 films in here. I think the set cost me 5 dollars. This, this will be short because there's 11 other movies listed on the back here. A Hawaiian drug kingpin plans to flood the islands with narcotics all financed by illegal diamond shipments to his private retreat. When his henchmen kill two DEA agents who were trying to stop the drug lord, the Agency sends in two of its best agents to break up the drug ring and take out the leader
Josh: I am still interested.
Jay: And, uh, completely coincidental, the two best agents are both stacked blondes.
Jay: Hey let's give all the dialogue to this guy.
Donna: Taryn, we need to figure out what just happened.
Taryn: Let's unload and hit the jacuzzi.
Josh: Miami Connection.
Jay: I'm very excited about this one.
Josh: Oh my. The year is 1987, motorcycle ninjas tighten their grip on Florida's narcotics trade, viciously annihilating anyone who dares move in on their turf. Multinational martial arts rock band Dragon Sound...
Jay: Woah.
Josh: ...have had enough and embark on a roundhouse wreck wave of crime-crushing justice. This is brilliant.
Jay: So basically what you're saying is this is gonna be the best movie ever.
Josh: Pretty sure When not chasing beach bunnies or performing their hit song 'Against the Ninja,' Mark, uh played by kung fu master inspirational speaker YK Kim, and the boys are kicking and chopping at the drug world's smelliest underbelly. 
Jay: Sure.
Josh: I love this. Uh, it'll take every ounce of their blood and courage, but Dragon Sound can't stop until they've completely destroyed the dealers, the drunk bikers, the kill-crazy ninjas, the middle-aged thugs, the 'stupid cocaine,' and the entire Miami connection.
Jay: Yaaaay! If he was hiding in there, how did he know someone came by? Oh no! He thinks it's hysterical.
Jack: It's, it's kind of funny.
Rich: I don't really quite know what the plot was. There's these military guys, they're in the woods and they're training, and they're funded by a rich white man for some reason...that we never find out
Jay: Played by a robot. Actor-tron 5000. Generic evil businessman, program running. Are we gonna hear you're gonna die in every movie we ever watch now?
Rich: Now he should hide, like, right there by the entrance and when they all run out to find him in the woods, he should run back into the base and take those grenades from the desk.
Jay: He's, he's the Terminator, uh, meets Rambo...minus pants.
Rich: Minus personality.
Jack: Wait, what?!
Josh: Goddammit!
Jay: All that and then he just goes home.
Jack: Why didn't he go home sooner?
Rich: What I love about that though, is the father tracking, the father confronts the old guy, with a gun, and he gives this long, wonderful speech...
Jay: Oh, my god.
Josh: Acting, everybody. Acting.
Rich: He didn't just beat him with his own arm, he beat him to death with his own arm.
Jack: Absolutely.
Jay: The movie really should've ended right there.
Josh: You know, f, fine, if the colonel gets away, I don't care, because that happened.
Jay: Our hero, his wife is dead, he catches up with the main bad guy, uh, asks him to strip...
Jack: Oh.
Jay: Oh,this is taking a weird direction.
Rich: You're gonna have to take my wife's place.
Jay: And then says, run.
Jack: He should've killed the bad guy, and that's the end of the mo, well really, he should've killed the bad guy to save his wife.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: It would leave a movie like that, as you should, with a good feeling.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Instead you're like ohh... It's like Mass Effect 3.
Jay: Enough talk. Let's make out.
Jay: You have one thing to do and you fucked it up.
Josh: What, that was a snake!
Rich: The snake was amazing, ok?
Jack: Absolutely.
Rich: Amazing.
Jack: Absolutely.
Jay: If it were in a Muppet movie, it would be amazing.
Jay: I loved that he delivered that line like he was making it up as he went along. It's been infected by...c-, cancer...infected rats
Jack: No!
Rich: Which would make it, which would make it it highly uninfectious.
Jack: Right. That, that would make it dead.
Jay: Yeah. Well...you can't catch cancer!
Josh: That's not even the plot of the movie.
Jack: No, that's just a B-plot.
Rich: Well, they get in the jacuzzi, then they talk about the diamonds, then when they're done talking about the diamonds, they get right out of the jacuzzi.
Jay: Immediately.
Rich: They're done.
Jay: It's a great way to do exposition in a movie, like, boobs, boobs, boobs, here's the point of this scene, see ya! And they just leave
Josh: As noted, that's how they do it on Game of Thrones.
Jack: This movie is slowly redeeming itself.
Rich: Wou, would you say it had the *best* moment of the night?
Jay: Yes!
Rich: Well, I, I'm not sure where to start, though, honestly. I really don't know, I know there's the two agents are coming to town and the bad guys want to stop them.
Jack: What?!
Jay: That's what happens when you smoke heavy doobies.
Jack: What?! Why...
Jay: You know why that's in the movie? Because they found a guy that could do it
Rich: He, he goes down the street, gets into the car with his crime partner, says it's them, so then there's an awkward car chase
Jay and Jack: They're right next to you!
Rich: And then the skateboard guy ends up back on a skateboard...
Jack: Yes.
Rich: With a blow-up doll.
Jack: Coming back towards them.
Rich: Coming back towards them.
Josh: When they get in this van, all of a sudden they realize oh my god! Hey, did we kill Seth? We didn't kill Seth?
Josh: We forgot!
Jack: What? What? What?
Jay: They just forgot!
Jay: The funny part about that is that the, he already got shot in the face earlier, the snake bites him on the other side of the face. That guy, poor Seth, cannot catch a break
Jack: So the snake busts through and then motorcycle goon...
Rich: Without knowing anything that's going on in the house just decides he's going to drive through the walls.
Jay: That would've been great if he drove through the wall and just ran her over. Oh, shit!
Jack: Oh, oh...
Jay: Maybe I didn't think this through.
Jack: Takes the rocket launcher and puts it up to his chin.
Jay: You know, if this movie ended like Deadly Prey that's what would've happened.
Jay: Jack, why don't you explain the plot of Miami Connection?
Rich: Good luck.
Rich: I would've loved to have been on the set that day. Would that, wouldn't that have been marvelous? Just, I'm sure you could just feel the awkwardness and the discomfort.
Jay: It was the most awkward tonal shift I've ever seen in a movie, where you're just like wait, what movie am I watching?
Josh: You just hit the brakes, swerve left, and then continue on with the movie.
Jack: And then, the very end of the movie, after they have reveled in the blood of their enemies is a little title card.
Josh: But then there's Miami Connection. Miami Connection is...Samurai Cop-level of just how is, how is it a movie?
Rich: How did it get made? When you're watching it why did they make that? How did they make that?
Josh: Some, some...
Rich: Whose idea was this?!
Jack: I'm gonna be, even though I would love to say Deadly Prey, because that's my, that's, that's the movie I grew up on, and so that's my personal favorite, I'm going to agree with you with Miami Connection, because that is a passion project, uh, YK Kim had a vision of a movie, and it came to life and his vision is a, is a horrible glory.
