Apr 30, 2013
Best of the Worst: The Wheel of the Worst
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkWk_chVcJk
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/329453881555812353
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151429315327634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-the-wheel-of-the-worst

Hi, Mike.
What's this?
Why, it's the, Wheel of the Worst!
Ok, so we're gonna give this thing three spins, and whatever it lands on we're gonna watch.
Ok, why don't we tell the audience what we're gonna watch today?
Well, first up, is The Family Guide to the Internet
Then we have Let's Rap Fire Safety
Candid Camera Volume 6.
Gary Coleman For Safety's Sake
Dancin' Grannies Mature Fitness for beginners
Then there's Tree Stand Safety
The Dance of Birth
And then finally The Shoji Tabuchi Show
I have no idea what the fuck that is.
It's the family show that's the talk of the town, though.
Alright, Rich, why don't you give it a spin?
Alright.
Here we go!
Here we go!
Oh, no.
Candid Candid Camera Volume 6
Let's go
If it doesn't feature him being nude, then I don't care.
I think we, oh, my god.
Why is it...
I think it involves children now.
She's not a fireman
She looks like a fly girl
My battery needs changing.
My pants need changing.
They should make a video about rap safety.
Don't rappers get killed a lot?
Oh, no!
Oh!
Fuck you, Dance of Birth!
Can we do this over? Please!
I don't want that one!
Ok, time for me to shut this off.
Why don't they slap me in the face with more feminist bullshit.
So basically, this, this Candid Candid Camera Volume 6 is unintentionally a window into the underbelly of, of perversion and homelessness.
I hope they all die.
I could've used this video, cuz when I was younger, I almost burned down my grandmother's house cooking french fries.
Just like the kid in the video almost burned down his grandfather's house.
Did you throw water on it?
I didn't throw water on it, uh...just, my first instinct was, the kitchen had a back door, was, my first instinct was to throw it out the back door into the snow...instead I just burned my hands and dropped burning grease all over the house.
Rich, what were your favorite parts of Let's Rap About Fire Safety.
Uhh yeah...probably the fire alarm's eyes shaking...back and forth.
That part was your favorite part?
I have no favorite part...the crappy CGI.
That's the thing, though, for 2000, the CGI in this was appalling.
I would expect more from AllState.
Well, The Dance of Birth is the greatest movie that David Lynch never made.
It's, it's an hour of incoherent New Age babble.
I don't think the video even says what benefit there is to this, it just says to do it.
No, I wonder how many babies died in the womb because of this video
We had a lot of babies born with shaken baby syndrome.
She's saying nonsense, and she thinks she's smart for saying complete and utter nonsense, I would love to sit down with a group of doctors and pediatricians and watch The Dance of the Birth and they would probably laugh harder than anyone.
It's absolute nonsense packaged as wisdom.
FIt should be, it should be stated also that the husbands didn't look very embarrassed of what they were doing, but the babies looked embarrassed.
So we have, we have birth, sexual desire, and self-preservation.
Your child may grow up to be an elderly man who drinks himself to death.
Yeah, an alcoholic pervert.
Rich?
Candid Camera Volume 6 is a, it's a cesspool of human filth.
Can you imagine this without the laugh track?
Can you...It would be, it would be like watching a snuff film.
See, this, this is like going to church, ok...everybody, everybody, everybody gets together, they pretend there's a big man in the sky, and they go home feeling happy.
Smile.
You're on Candid Camera.
