Sep 18, 2013
Bloody Birthday, Crazy Fat Ethel II, and Psycho From Texas
youtube.com/watch?v=x94zXO02VPU
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/380530651805782016
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-bloody-birthday-crazy-fat-ethel-ii-and-psycho-from-texas

Jay: What are you doing? So Gillian! You were in our film Feeding Frenzy.
Gillian: I was!
Jay: Uh, you were on an episode of Half in the Bag.
Gillian: I was!
Jay: Where we suffered through The Black Ninja.
Gillian: Yeah.
Jay: For some reason, I guess you're back for more?
Gillian: Who wouldn't want to come back for this?
Jay: Oh, my god.
Gillian: Milwaukee beer bellies.
Jay: That's completely understandable and not weird at all. Uh, but let's watch the movies!
Gillian: Yeah, let's watch movies!
Jay: Bloody Birthday.
Gillian: Couldn't be more excited.
Jay: Julie Brown, from MTV, is in it.
Gillian: Downtown.
Jay: Not Downtown Julie Brown.
Gillian: Not Downtown.
Jay: The other Julie Brown, the goofy redhead Julie Brown
Gillian: The nightmare begins with the kids next door.
Jay: Yes. This is about little kids that murder people violently. Uh, directed by Ed Hunt.
Gillian: ...Sure. I love that guy and his work, his work...I take all of my film knowledge from Ed Hunt. Remember him?
Jay: In 1970, three children were born during a total eclipse of Saturn, the planet governing emotion.
Gillian: I, Yeah.
Jay: Years later, these seemingly innocent children have become heartless killers. What happens when a teenage girl and her younger brother stumble upon the horrible truth? This, this kid here looks pretty threatening, right?
Gillian: Uhh, his Rick Moranis impression is pretty killer.
Jay: So what do we have next?
Gillian: Ok, the next movie we have is Fat Ethel 2
Jay: Well, crazy.
Gillian: Oh, sorry! Crazy Fat Ethel 2.
Jay: I, I think it's pretty clear, based on their design, that that's how it's supposed to be read.
Gillian: Thirteen years ago, Ethel was judged criminally insane and now the mental ward is overcrowded, budget, the budget has been cut so Ethel is back on the streets.
Jay: I think they're talking about the budget of the movie, right?
Gillian: Uh, right.
Jay: Did we make that joke before? 
Mike: And the budget has been cut. Oh. Oh! For the mental ward.
Colin: Right.
Mike: Not the movie.
Colin: Yeah.
Jay: We should point out that, uh, none of us have ever seen or heard of Crazy Fat Ethel 1. And then the good thing about this movie, uh, runtime: 60 minutes.
Gillian: You know, that's when you know you've(?) a quality film. For a reason.
Jay: You get in and you get out.
Gillian: Yes, like...a lady.
Jessi: Ew! Ew!
Jay: So finally, we have, I don't know, maybe this is about you, I guess we'll find out, it's called Psycho From Texas
Gillian: I'm glad that, I'm glad you found this film, uh...because that's actually me.
Jay: Oh!
Gillian: And when I was blond, and older, and naked.
Jay: Well.
Gillian: I do like to, when I'm in Texas I usually like to go topless, that's the thing about me, and I feather my bangs
Jay: Is that a Texas thing or is that just you?
Gillian: Only if you're psycho. Only psychos. It's like a marker to the rest of Texas like where your mental standing is(?)
Jay: So they're like, oh, hey, look, Psycho.
Gillian: Right.
Jay: Ok. Well, it's a shocker.
Gillian: It is a shocker.
Jay: Um, not THE shocker.
Gillian: No.
Jay: Just A shocker. Uh, but this is brought to us by the good people at Paragon Video. Which is the mark of quality.
Gillian: They did a lot of work with Ed Hunt, didn't they?
Jay: It's possible, yeah, but there's one image on the back, this is all we get. I, I don't even know what's happening here. Something getting shoved in his neck, I think.
Gillian: Ronald McDonald is getting spearfished in the face.
Jay: Ok.
Gillian: Sorta.
Jay: Well, that happens in the movie, then this whole day will be worth it.
Gillian: What does the back say?
Jay: Uh, he was a stranger, and a killer. There's no punctuation at the end of that, so I'm gonna assume that goes on with the rest of the sentence, so, he was a stranger...and a killer a quiet southern town is disrupted by the kidnapping of a wealthy oil man and a series of needless, insane killings.
Rich: Now that's a transition!
Jack: Saturn rules your emotions, if you believe in hibbity jibbity.
Mike: What would you say the plot is, Jay?
Jay: Well, the plot is kids just sort of kill...their scenes where they stalk people, they kill some people, uh, there's an extended subplot involving cake.
Jack: There was no thought put into any...there, this movie fucking sucked.
Gillian: That was their disposal of the body, was they just left it in an alley?
Jack: I mean, I don't know about you guys, but I get undressed and dance at the exact same time every day.
Jay: Do you use a boa?
Jack: I, you know, not a boa, uh, because I'm a guy, so I just use some gym socks tied together.
Mike: Oh my god.
JS: Oh no.
Mike: I can't say no?
Jay: Jesus Christ!
Jack: Oh my god! What a creepy clown.
Jay: This movie suddenly got genuinely scary.
Jack: The creepiest part of the movie was the birthday clown that we see for 5 seconds.
Jay: Yeah
Gillian: What does his shirt say?
Jay: I can't.
Gillian: I can't say no.
Jay: I can't say no.
Gillian: I mean, there's a lot of things you could do with that information.
Mike: They showed him for a brief second and he looked like Bagul.
Gillian: Water?! That's what.
Jay: What!
Mike: This is so bizarre.
Gillian: Where did that...
Jack: They splashed water on him?
Jack: Like he was a witch?
Jay: Well, the little girl gets away, what happens to the two little boys, they get sent to the...
Mike: They get arrested.
G:...jail.
Jay: ...tiny psych ward or something?
Mike: I'm assuming they go to juvenile hall.
Jack: They go to a tiny jail.
Jay: Where all the guards are little kids, too.
Jack: Ooh!
Jay: Wouldn't that be adorable?
Jack: That'd be adorable.
Jay: I wanna watch that movie. So what's your favorite Ed Hunt film?
Gillian: Huh...there's so many...
Mike: I really like Ed Hunt for Red October. It's insulting to everything, even chocolate pudding
Gillian: And Crazy Fat Ethel 2 is really terribly-shot...naps
Jay: They put grandma in the movie
Jack: Grandma was great, uh, she has the best line of the movie.
Ethel: You give me those pretzels, granny!
Grandma: I will not.
Jack: This is insane.Why is this happening?...Is...is this the director?
Rich: The camera's facing the wrong way? The actual scene''s behind him on the other side of the camera?
Jack: Yes!
Rich: Run off into the distance and then the movie can end.
Jack: Ten minutes of credits.
Jay: Jay: If this movie is ten minutes shorter than it's supposed to be, I'll be very happy.
Mike: Well, everyone. Let's move on to our third terrible film. And this, this is a worst of the worst episode, it makes you wonder about 2 decades of human history and what happened.
Gillian: Hahahahaha!
Jack: It's not like, what was wrong with the human race, it was what was wrong with this guy? But, just put the name on the screen. Right here, that guy is fuck.
Jay: Pffff!
Mike: I, yeah.
Jack: Come at me, Jim!
Jay: He's like 90 now.
Jack: Good! I can beat your ass, then.
Mike: This is the greatest fight scene.
Mike: Oh, this just in!
Jay: What is this?
Mike: Breaking news! From Rich Evans.
Jack: Hold on. We have breaking news, coming from Rich Evans live in the other room.
Mike: Rich Evans did some research on Crazy Fat Ethel and he discovered Crazy Fat Ethel 1, originally titled ‘Criminally Insane.' 61 minutes long, with a budget of 30 thousand dollars.
Gillian: Wow.
Mike: Remade this year. This year? But shelved after the top investor died in June of this year.
Jay: Wow!
Mike: Rich Evans, this is...this is shocking news.
Jack: Back, I, I'm sorry...
Jay: So anyway, back to...
Jack: Back to Psycho.
Gillian: I lost my shoe. Found it! I found it.
Jack: You guys we got breaking news...Gillian just found her shoe.
Mike: Gillian, shoe(?) was lost but then it was found. We'll report to you with more information.
Jack: Which, by the way, is more than what happens in Psycho From Texas.
Jay: Oh my god.
Mike: This just in! Breaking news from Rich Evans.
Jay: Jesus Christ.
Mike: In our research...department. Director in quotation marks, Nick Millard...Mil-ard...
Jack: Nick Mil-ard.
Mike: Directed Crazy Fat Ethel under the name Nick Phillips.
Gillian: Ohh!
Mike: He directed many hit films such as Satan's Black Wedding...Wendy's Naughty Night.
Jay: Ohh, I see where this is going.
Jack: I'm sorry, Mike, Mike can't, uh...
Mike: I'm sorry, I'm having a moment.
Jack: My, my, my colleague is a little under duress at the moment. Umm, so, Satan's Black Wedding, Wendy's Naughty Night, Fire, I'm sorry...
Gillian: Ok! I feel like I can do this.
Jay: You can do this, I have faith in you.
Gillian: Ok. Satan's Black Wedding, Wendy's Naughty Night, Fire In Her Bed and...Sex Weirdo.
Mike: Oh, Sex Weirdo, I know that film.
Mike: Everyone's awkward.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Except for the director, I guess.
Jack: Who was furiously masturbating.
Mike: Everyone was awkward.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Except for the director...and maybe Rich Evans.
Jay: Pfff!!
Jack: Who was furiously masturbating.
Mike: Well, I guess it's time to recap all three of these films, and, oh!
Jay: Oh my god! We've got a breaking update from Rich Evans.
Mike: A news report from Rich Evans.
Jay: Wow!
Mike: From the news desk. Uh, I guess these are other titles? From director of, um...
Jay: Nick Millard.
Gillian: Nick Phillips?
Jay: Nick Phillips.
Gillian: Yeah.
Jay: That's his fake name.
Gillian: Ohhh.
Mike: Super Sensual. V, hah, Vicious Blondes.
Jack: This shit's bop. Vicious, Vicious Blondes?
Mike: Yeah ok.
Jay: Isn't blondes that are vicious.
Mike: Continue.
Jack: Confessions of a Dirty Pair.
Gillian: A dirty what?
Jay: A dirty what? A parrot?
Mike: Pair. Pair. Not a parrot, but a pair.
Gillian: Pair?
Jack: Fuck you!
Jay: Like a pair of, like, people.
Gillian: Like, oh! I thought it'd be like a fruit.
Mike: Next, his fourth film on the list.
Jay: Yeah, yeah, let's continue.
Jack: Sappho sixty.
Gillian: Ok, ok. Sappho ‘68...Darling, Are You Bored of Men?....Kept. And I'll give you these.
Mike: Jay, please...finish the list.
Gillian: Kept.
Jay: Uh, uh, Nympho.
Gillian: Right.
Jay: That's obvious enough.
Gillian: The prequel to Sex Weirdo.
Jay: Yeah. The Erotic Mr Rose. These are the names Mr.Rose and he's erotic, um, The Slut.
Mike: Oh ho ho ho!
Jack: Oh, his other movie titles were subtle.
Mike: Gillian, your pick for best of the worst.
Gillian: I, I mean, they are all very terrible. Uh, but I guess I also will choose Crazy Fat Ethel 2, just for the befuddlement factor.? Uh, yeah, I...just...don't understand the choices that would happen in one's life to lead them to a place where they would make a two...of that.
Jack: My nausea...drove my entertainment.
