May 28, 2013
Playing Dangerous, Shapeshifter, and Thunderpants
youtube.com/watch?v=WGI-BKctOK8
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/340473456237899776
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-playing-dangerous-shapeshifter-and-thunderpants

Rich: What, where are you going?
Mike: Whoa.
Rich: You're supposed to be right here.
Mike: So we're doing children's films today, huh, Rich?
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Well, right here I have, uh, Playing Dangerous.
Rich: Which, in not way, shape or form resembles Home Alone.
Mike: No. "In the tradition of Home Alone." Clearly a rip-off. "When his mom said to go outside and play...she didn't exactly have this in mind." Well that sounds like...
Rich: That sounds like a porno.
Mike: It'd be quite a different film. "Meet Stuart, an 11-year old computer genius who plots to outsmart a group of thugs and single-handedly save his family from run-on sentences." Uh, "when his father receives a top secret fax, Stewart is the first to recognize its importance." So there's going to be technology involved in this film. 1990s technology.
Rich: I, I don't care at all.
Mike: So Stuart...Stuart's father receives a top secret fax, and then Stuart is the first to recognize its importance, I guess because he's a computer genius.
Rich: At, at what point does he get left home alone?
Mike: Well, I don't think that, that...
Rich: So they're, they're, the movie has nothing in common with the movie, yet the box.
Mike: Well.
Rich: ...implies it does?
Mike: Well, it's in the tradition of Home Alone, there's two wacky criminals that have some sort of plan, and he's gonna foil them by using kid smarts.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: So that's the premise, and then they try and get him to crack the code and he squirts them with a, with a super soaker. And apparently they beat him up cuz he has blood on his face in the back of the box, so I really, I can't wait for that sequence
Rich: Now, if, if this movie takes a dark turn and there's like a torture scene with the kid tied to a chair.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: I will love it.
Mike: It is rated PG-13.
Rich: Really?
Jay: Really?
Mike: Yeah. Yeah, so that's very possible. Twenty-eight takes and that was the best one?
Rich: I'm just trying to imagine children watching this.
Jay: I doubt they would've made it this far. We're only 11 minutes in.
Jessi: This is the movie you put on when it's time to go down for a nap.
Rich: Shapeshifter! I, I, I, I remember an old series of kid books called, like, Animorphers? And this cover looks like that
Mike: Hmm.
Rich: So I'm, I'm gonna guess this is a rip-off of a mildly popular children's novel. "From, from unassuming teenager to savior of the universe, Alex Brown had no idea he would inherit the awesome challenge of saving his ex secret agent parents and protecting the planet from evil powers bent on controlling the world's plutonium supply. With the assistance of the 360-year old sorcerer Jenco…" blah blah blah, yadda yadda yadda, something happens, and then blah.
Mike: Alright.
Rich: Okay!
Mike: This is clearly a film about an eagle that turns into a guy.
Rich: I think it's the other way around.
Mike: What?
Rich: I think it's the other way around.
Mike: They have an acting school around here?
Jay: Everyone in this movie talks like this.
Jessi: What? What?
Rich: He's got the pan ready! They're waiting for it! It's...happens all the time!
Mike: There's a box for it!
Rich: Next up we have something I am looking forward to seeing very much...we have Thunderpants, ladies and gentlemen.
Mike: Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
Rich: Thunderpants. A few weeks ago, I found this in a, uh, used DVD store and I, I knew somebody who was, who was just going to love this.
Mike: So this is...
Jessi: I was, I was told there'd be a surprise.
Mike: This is the surprise, it's a movie Rich Evans picked up, exclusive...
Rich: Just for you.
Mike: Just for you.
Rich: Here you go.
Jessi: No!! No!
Mike: Read the synopsis. Read it.
Jessi: I'll just read the tagline. Thunderpants...saving the world...one blast at a time. He's flying because he's farting. He's flying in the air. He's in space!
Rich: "Thunderpants is the story of a boy named Peter, who couldn't stop farting."
Jessi: Keep going!
Rich: "His only friend Allan is a child genius who finds a way to use Peter's flatulence as a force for good. After his ‘special skill' takes him to an incredible space adventure...Peter learns that sometimes our unique ‘gifts' can turn out to be exactly what the world really needs."
Jessi: Why is it so funny?
Jay: This is madness. His farts turned his mom into an alcoholic.
Jessi: I love this movie.
Jay: This episode should really be called "The Road to Thunderpants".
Mike: The Road to Thunderpants.
Jessi: The road to Thunderpants is paved with shit.
Rich: The cover should've said "in the spirit of Die Hard".
Mike: Actually, they found Samurai Cop in a, an abandoned castle, in a, in a...in a, in a dungeon inside of a castle.
Jessi: An evil sorcerer was trying to keep it from the world.
Mike: The actual print(?) of Samurai Cop was chained to a wall in a, in a medieval dungeon and somebody found it.
Jessi: I think maybe the director and the writer of this film, they got together and they're like, "you know what? This is my favorite movie, this is my favorite movie. Let's put them together and make it one movie.
Rich: "You got your chocolate in my peanut butter! You got your peanut butter on my chocolate!
Mike: Jessi, what is that guy talking about?
Jessi: He's talking about sex.
Mike: Well, let's move on to film number two, which is called Shapeshifter.
Jay: "Number two" is appropriate.
Rich: See, this is what I find interesting about Shapeshifter, though, is that...they just threw everything in there. It's not one thing.
Mike: To me that sounds like a clusterfuck, Rich.
Jay: Oh, there's a little globe in front of the globe.
Rich: This is a time travel movie now?
Mike: Did he just tell him to touch his ass?
Jay: This dog has more charisma than the kid.
Rich: That's, that's true. They don't notice? Ohh whatever.
Mike: And the midget helps him.
Jay: Pff! That's right, there's a midget.
Mike: There's a midget.
Jay: A magical midget.
Mike: A dwarf. He's actually credited as a dwarf.
Jay: Ok, well then, there's a magical dwarf in the movie.
Mike: There, there, ugh, I forgot to mention this.
Jay: Oh my god.
Mike: Not just one dwarf, but there's a group of dwarf gypsies that live in the sewers. What?
Rich: What.
Jay: Who are all these little people?
Mike: Why are there midgets?
Rich: What the fuck?
Jay: Gooble gobble, one of us.
Rich: This movie just keeps getting more and more fascinating.
Jay: This is like a nightmare now.
Mike: So you gotta, you gotta focus on, on a premise, you got to focus on an idea and stick to it and Shapeshifter, ironically, Shapeshifter sha-, shapes...ironically, Shapeshifter shifts shapes...while Sandy sells seashells by the sea shore.
Jessi: You gotta do it again.
Jay: No, that's perfect.
Mike: How many times have I heard that?
Jay: "I'll be back down here in like 15 minutes".
Rich: "And a bottle of lubricant!"
Jay: He's got a fart containment unit.
Mike: It's like Ghostbusters.
Jay: It's like Ghostbusters for farts.
Rich: Ok, now, uh, this is almost embarrassing, but I, I low balled it. I went with 18.
Jay: Oh my god.
Rich: I, I figured, I figured they were embarrassed that they were making a fart movie and that they were going to go for fewer precision strikes/
Jay: He takes farts and turns them into lemonade.
Mike: That's where my, my opinion comes in, um, I, I have to go with Playing Dangerous.
Rich: I'm on the fence, you could, you could shift me over. Yeah, you know what, I'm switching my vote.
