Feb 1, 2013
The New Gladiators, Exterminator 2, Aftermath
youtube.com/watch?v=cnDJa_HZVP0
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/297528892896468992
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-new-gladiators-exterminator-2-and-aftermath

Josh: Hey Jack!
Jack: Hey.
Josh: Hey, Jack.
Jack: Hey, Josh.
Josh: Hey, how are you?
Jack: Wanna watch some movies?
Josh: Yeah, why don’t you, yeah. 
Jack: This is The New Gladiators, starring Jared Martin and Fred Williamson. In the year 2072 the world has become a barbaric, computerized wasteland. Waging a ruthless war for the minds of the masses, two huge, comma, global TV networks create increasingly-- well, you have to pause whenever there’s a comma.
Josh: Huge...
Both: global--
Jack: ...TV networks that create increasingly bizarre and violent programming... oh, so it’s like Running Man. In this media spectacular, convicted murderers are given a chance to escape their death sentences by entering into a high-tech fight to the finish in front of the cameras, uh, led by the resourceful Drake (Jared Martin of Westworld and TV’s Dallas) and a towering black warrior (Fred Williamson of M.A.S.H.) And you might be asking yourself what...what is the genre of The New Gladiators, it’s general,
Jack: What is happening in this scene?
Mike: He’s furiously masturbating.
Josh: It’s the only way to land the ship.
Mike: You must be Asian. 
Jay: Oh my god! I want this for ninety minutes.
Josh: Oh shit! 
Mike: It exploded somehow! 
Josh: Well, first off, this is actually sci-fi, genre wise, so instead of just a general film, this is specifically sci-fi, which is good to know. So, as we’ve noted, this is Exterminator 2.
Jack: The much-awaited sequel.
Josh: Yes, and right at the top, the human fire bomb returns! Robert Ginty, star of the television series The Paper Chase.
Jack: Quality.
Josh: And Hawaiian Heat...is The Exterminator, a torch-wielding outlaw-vigilante. Mario Van Peebles, son of actor-writer-director Melvin Van Peebles in case you forgot.
Jack: I did!
Josh: Together they are dynamite in The Exterminator. Which is too bad, ‘cause this is The Exterminator 2. When his brother is fried alive by The Exterminator during a holdup attempt, the satanic X and his gang decide to get even and exterminate The Exterminator. The marauders unleash a campaign of violence and barbarism. They break into an armored car and shoot down the police helicopter that tries to stop them. This is the whole plot. As they terrify the populace and start giving orders to the mafia…
Jack: Wait, what?
Josh: Apparently they...
Jack: The mafia come into this.
Josh: I know. It appears they may be invincible until they make one fatal mistake, they cripple the seductive dance-- oh wait, no, sorry, comma, they cripple the seductive dancer who is the girlfriend of The Exterminator. It’s a mistake they quickly regret. In a confrontation of all-consuming fury, the warlords meet their match. The Exterminator 2.
Jay: I love how thugs in movies like this are always...they find it so hysterical whenever they murder people, they’re just constantly laughing.
Rich: He’s just gonna walk up to people with a flamethrower.
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: And burn them?
Jay: Also, how did he know they were there?
Rich: It’s so blatant I love it.
Josh: Straight up stealing ladies.
Josh: So what’s the third one, Jack?
Jack: It’s Aftermath.
Josh: Oh.
Jack: Three astronauts...
Josh: That’s-
Jack: Ok. Alright.
Josh: Ok, cool. 
Jack: Three astronauts return from deep space to discover that a worldwide biological and nuclear war has ravaged the Earth
Josh: I hate it when that happens.
Jack: The returning scientists face a dual peril, from mutant cannibals.
Josh: Hmm-hmm.
Jack: ...and from a gang of psychotic killers who control what is left of civilization
Josh: Fuck!
Jack: The deranged leader of the gang savagely murders the survivors one by one before becoming the ultimate target of the avenging astronauts.
Jay: He’s trying so hard not to just stare at her boobs right there.
Josh: Right there!
Jack: Honestly, they lo, just...just, honey, could you, could you back up a little bit? With the nipe nipes 
Jay: Pfff! The what?
Jack: The night knives.
Jack: Very abstract training montage that, it, that has the most effective training method I know, which is strobe lights.
Jay: Yes.
Josh: There’s lot of strobing in general in this movie.
Jay: Strobe lights and psychological torture. Yeah.
Josh: Um, which mostly was torture for the audience, I think, more than the actual people in the movie.
Jack: Oh, looks like she’s working on landing that car.
Mike: World’s worst stripper contest.
Josh: Meanwhile, there’s this drug gang and their plan is to take over the city via drugs? I think? It was...
Jack: The simpler way to say this plot synopsis is a man starts murdering people with fire.
Jack: And he set other people on fire first.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: He’s the bad guy.
Josh: Yeah, we agreed actually that he would have less problems if he set more people on fire.
Jack: It’s, it’s, it’s an all-or-nothing kind of thing, either don’t set anyone on fire.
Josh: Or set ALL the people on fire.
Jack: All the people, yeah.
Jay: The only thing I can say with certainty is that, WE would’ve benefitted more if he set more people on fire.
Rich: Yes.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: Yes. 
Rich: That’s why he builds the world’s silliest death truck at the end. He’s got the’s got, he’s got this, this dump truck, it’s got this little compartment, and this, this machine gun on like a wooden pole, comes out the side, and some strings start pulling the trigger.
Jack: It’s like if the kid from Home Alone were to build a death truck, like little paint cans with machine guns.
Josh: Precisely, precisely
Jay: I, I was just thinking that exact same thing.
Jack: He, he acted the fuck out of that movie. He gave it 100 per, 110 percent.
Jay: Yeah. Again, like Never Too Young To Die.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: The movie lights up when he’s on screen, just like Gene Simmons in that, because, uh, The, The Exterminator himself is just a charisma vacuum in this movie.
Rich: If charisma were sugar, he would be Coke Zero.
Jay: Yeah, so the guy sucks.
Jay: That’s actually the highlight of the movie.
Josh: The breakdance? Ohh that’s some good stuff.
Jack: Woah, nunchucks?
Josh: Cuz ladies.
Jack: Touche.
Josh: Also, breakdancing might, might happen at any time.
Jack: Yeah. Breakdance fighting?
Josh: Oh, could be...
Jack: Or...
Josh: See?!
Jack: I can’t believe you just called that!
Jay: I woulda rather watched a movie about the, his garbage truck driver friend picking up ladies at clubs and going out for breakfast. Like, a whole movie about him. That woulda been great.
Rich: He should’ve been The Exterminator.
Jay: He should’ve been every character in the movie.
Jack: He walks into a club and picks up two ladies, not even trying.
Josh: He really has two years (?) to the whole movie, it’s mumbling and yelling.
Rich: Well, there was that one scene with the girl, where he like decided like maybe, maybe for my career I should try to act .
Josh: There was, yeah!
Rich: And he starts hamming it up with the girl.
Josh: She dances, he’s like oh she’s, she, she’s the best I’ve ever seen! And, like, I mean he actually starts acting for just a minute.
Rich: And that was it, that was it for the movie.
Man: You’re getting a standing ovation, here! The crowd, the crowds are on their feet!
Rich: Maybe that was like the first thing they filmed, then after that he got diagnosed with MS? Is, is that possible?
Josh: Oh god!
Rich: That would explain everything.
Josh: Now this movie is the saddest movie. Oh wait, it’s only the second saddest movie.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Josh: Because then we watched Aftermath.
Jay: That’s how you know it’s the post-apocalypse, no bras and slightly disheveled ties.
Jay: Do you think this movie was an Andy Kaufman prank?
Jay: The tone of this movie completely fucked with my brain.
Jack: I like the spaceship in Aftermath more. More buttons and blinkies and it was a tight little spaceship and, and you know, in New Gladiators the spaceship was just like a big room.
Josh: Yeah, but no one had to masturbate to set that one down.
Jack: You’re right, fuck that.
