Aug 8, 2013
Wheel of the Worst #2 - Key Matters, Gary Coleman: For Safety's Sake, The Family Guide to the Internet
youtube.com/watch?v=7Kf00CUxMto
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/365628839633760257
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-2

Jack: Hey Josh!
Josh: Oh hey, Jack!
Jack: Welcome to the Wheel of the Worst.
Josh: Thank you.
Jack: It looks like we have a fantastic selection of movies.
Josh: It's definitely a wheel.
Jack: And, uh, we have new movies, we have old movies.
Josh: Ohhh...
Jack: Movies we didn't get to last time.
Josh: Ok….I don't know what happens when I'm not here.
Jack: So, Josh.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: What movies do we have here?
Josh: Well, let's start here, with New! Dancin' Grannies Mature Fitness.
Jack: Uh, The Family Guide to the Internet: What it's all about, surf the net! Chat online. Learning is easy and fun for all.
Josh: Now, next, I hope this one comes up, I'm very excited about...Tree Stand Safety.
Jack: And why, why are you excited about it?
Josh: Because look at it.
Jack: Gary Coleman...For Safety's Sake. Gary Coleman was….Webster and he was on a hit tv show called Punky Brewster in the 80s. So what's next?
Josh: Cat Sitter!
Jack: A 1-hour VHS.
Josh: It's the video cats love to watch! And it's got "two paws up"....we're not cats, though. Oh, but hey, uh...this one could actually be very useful to me, uh, useful to me, because I spend a lot of time in the house by myself, and it's called Key Matters: How to Have a Key Party, no wait, "preparing for children's time alone". And finally, everybody' been asking about The Shoji Tabuchi show, and I have a feeling that everyone's going to regret it, and by everyone I mean us.
Jack: Hmm-mm.
Jay: The wavy effect on the flashbacks is really distracting.
Jack: Well, no, this is a nightmare effect.
Josh: Guys, did you just see her just reach her hand right into the grill and get burned?
Jay: Is that what happened?
Mike: Yeah.
Josh: Their child's an idiot.
Jessi: Right in front of her dad.
Jay: Did she just grab the burger up.
Josh: She was just like, "ow! Fire's hot!"
Jack: Well, Rich Evans, that was a disappointing movie that we just watched.
Rich: That was a thing.
Jack: We watched a thing on a screen.
Rich: Yes, can we watch another thing on another screen?
Jack: Let's find out what we're gonna watch!
Rich: Ok.
Jack: Big spin! Big spin! Big spin! Big spin!
Rich: That was...that was your spin?
Jack: Did you like that?
Rich: That was terrible!
Mike: She has, she has, she has paramedic experience.
Jessi: Hide the body from your parents!
Jack: Why is that microphone so big?
Rich: He's just that small, isn't he? Jack Example?
Mike: What an unfortunate last name.
Rich: Alright, clear out! I'm gonna...How do I use this thing?
Jay: It's a, it's an Internet Service Provider.
Mike: I guess all of them were instructional videos.
Josh: I learned...no, I didn't learn anything. I learned a little bit, but really just more...you know, from Key Matters I learned how to frighten your children, uh, from Gary Coleman, I learned that Gary Coleman is a dick, and from, from The Family Guide to the Internet I learned about set design.
Mike: I just can't wait for the wall to fall down in the background.
Rich: Well, well, what I learned from Key Matters was that, people...come in all colors…[Jack nods] but if you're hispanic, you still talk with an accent.
Jack: This was...the, the suburban sprawl white kids who had, know nothing about being a latchkey kid, who, like, if a stranger did come up to them and say "oh I've got candy and a puppy that I need to find," they would, they would go with that person.
Mike: I would help that person to find the puppy.
Jack: Right, right.
Mike: But I wouldn't be here now.
Jack: Mike would have been kidnapped, most likely raped, multiple times, before killed and dumped somewhere north of Illinois.
Mike: And that would've been the best outcome for me. Having kids looks like a lot of work. I forgot about the ginger kid.
Josh: He looooves peanut butter.
Mike: And do you really put carrots in peanut butter?
Josh: Yeah, yeah.
Jack: First of all, what don't you put in peanut butter?
Josh: Ants on a log.
Rich: Cheese.
Jack: Celery.
Mike: But not carrots….Carrots?
Josh: Most of them, yes!
Jack: Why not?
Mike: Oh.
Jessi: Oh my god.
Mike: Look.
Jessi: Rich, did you live there?
Mike: Rich was cooking french fries.
Jessi: Gary Coleman is God in this video.
Mike: Woah.
Josh: Did she say the Mayor was trying to get in her back door.
Rich: She said the same thing when she turned 18.
Jessi: In that other video.
Mike: The Mayor...Backdoor Mayor.
Josh: And there's the question there, when the neighbor walks in, checks in, it's just like everything's fine, why was that fucking door open?
Mike: That's a good question, yeah, there's no logical explanation.
Josh: Doors don't just open.
Mike: A very, very strong wind...
Josh: There's latches. It was probably locked.
Rich: I've, I've seen that happen, that happened at my, my grandmother's house once, when the wind blew the door open.
Mike: What?
Rich: It happened.
Josh: She was there, though, right?
Rich: Yeah.
Josh: ...So there you go.
Rich: I was there, I just, I remember the door opening...and there was wind.
Josh: I don't even know what's happening anymore!
Mike: What the fuck are you talking about?
Josh: How did you guys do this last time with these fucking videos?
Mike: Rich, did you, as the man that burned down his grandmother's house making french fries, did you learn anything about safety? "Learn all about...web pages...browers."
Rich: I thought that was the point of this!
Mike: Yeah, there's several typos on the back of the box, as well as in, in the actual dialogue of the, the video. Wait! He said "what fun would be life"
Rich and Josh: "Without MTV".
Mike: "What...what fun would life be".
Josh: Yeah. And that's...
Rich: He's reading it straight...
Mike: "What fun would be life"?
Rich: Nobody, nobody, nobody bothered to fix the script. And he's just reading the script.
Jay: Look, they had 40 minutes to shoot this video.
Rich: The father, "father knows best, and I'm going to sit down and explain these things to you right now, and this is how the world works".
Josh: Yes.
Rich: And the, and the dumb daughter, like, she acknowledges that she's so, "it's so easy...even I can do it".
Jessi: "I usually only make sandwiches".
Josh: There are, there are things that you will not be able to unsee on the internet….they don't mention that at all….And it's something you should be aware of, really.
Jack: Cakefarts.com.
Mike: Cake farts?
Jack: Have you ever seen cake farts?
Mike: What does that mean?
Jack: Umm…..cake….cake...
Josh: Farting on cake?
Mike: Farting on cake?
Jack: It was fluff, it was 10% fluff and 90% filler.
Mike: 9% fluff.
Jack: 91% filler.
Mike: Well, 9...90% filler and 1% information.
Josh: 1% actual information.
Mike: Take that, racism!
