Feb 13, 2013
The Killer Eye, They Bite, Xtro
youtube.com/watch?v=vcBkm1nOI5k
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/301732249299206145
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-killer-eye-they-bite-and-xtro

Rich: Well we're going to watch some movies...I have here on this shelf…The Killer Eye. I know nothing about this movie--
Josh: Rich.
Rich: Yes?
Josh: The quality is guaranteed.
Rich: Quality is guaranteed. In an attempt to prove a theory, that the human eye is a gateway to another dimension, a brilliant op-...opthimal...op-...
Josh: Opthamologist.
Rich: Opthamologist.
Josh: Opthamologist.
Rich: Okay. Opthamologist performs his final--
Jay: What's that word?
Josh: Opthamologist.
Rich: Opitamahowajist.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Performs his final experiment on an unwitting homeless subject, but something begins to stir in one of the still eye sockets of the victim. The dead man's eye rises into the air and expands to enormous size! A new form of life has begun, a seemingly invincible being of pure light energy driven by a hunger for knowledge and a taste for young women!
Josh: Of course!
Rich: It's feeding time!
Josh: Of course!
Man: A new line of Puppet Master action figures are now stalking your toy and specialty stores. For more information, log onto the Full Moon Toys website and, for ordering information, call the...
Josh: That's an 877, that might still be active, that's a fairly...
Jack: Oh, the movie's starting.
Jay: This is the movie.
Mike: It's a porno line. Hey sexy, hot amateur girls are waiting to get off for you
Jay: And you're like ‘how do I get a Puppet Master toy?
Mike: This lab looks like a Goodwill.
Jay: Yeah, it's like the same cheap shelves.
Josh: It is.
Rich: They couldn't even afford to buy the junk at the Goodwill, they actually had to film it at the Goodwill
Rich: Next, we have They Li-..
Josh: They Li-...
Rich: They Bite.
Josh: Oh. That's not Rowdy Roddy Piper.
Rich: Ooh!
Josh: Oh.
Rich: There's, there's some magic right there, there's--
Josh: Oh dear.
Rich: There's, there's a woman with a vagina monster. On a sunset Florida beach, a photographer captures on film more than he ever imagined--
Josh: Uh huh.
Rich: As a terrifying creature appears from the sea and devours his model!
Josh: Ohh.
Rich: So begins this odyssey into the unknown as a beautiful fish doctor--
Josh: Beautiful fish doctor.
Rich: Arrives to investigate reports of sea monsters terrorizing the beachfront and meets a young filmmaker who, coincidentally, is in town preparing a monster sexploitation film.
Josh: What a coincidence.
Rich: Well, that's, that's both a fun and a long sentence, that whole paragraph is just this one--
Josh: One--
Rich: One long sentence.
Jessi: Oh, now you gotta fuck a fish
Josh: Flashing my--
Jay: Bewbs.
Rich: Ok, and our last movie...Xtro.
Josh: Sam Phillips, an ordinary family man, disappears from home one night without a trace. Only his young son Tony witnesses the strange and terrifying departure amidst brilliant white lights. Rachel, Sam's young wife, struggles to restore their once tranquil life but her efforts are plagued by Tony's recurring nightmares about his father's mysterious disappearance. Lately, Tony has been dreaming something else: that his father has come home. Sam has returned from a distant galaxy to claim his son for his new homeland. So this is a divorce drama.
Jessi: Why would you throw it at the roof?
Josh: Whaaaat?
Rich: What?
Jay: What?
Rich: What?
Tony: Dad, daddy, what's happening?
Jay: Did he just...rip a hole into another dimension?
Jack: He sure did!
Jay: Is that what happened?
Jack: He sure did, with a stick!
Jay: We got a big problem. This movie's kind of interesting.
Jack: Yeah, it's nice!
Josh: This is not, what it's supposed to be.
Rich: That's ok. That's ok.
Josh: It was bound to happen eventually.
Jack: ‘Cause this is tentacle porn, right?
Jessi: The eight dimension sucks! Like--
Josh: No--
Mike: It's all the way down on the eight.
Josh: The eight dimension doesn't suck, it doesn't suck because, when you go back, all your friends are waiting for you.
Jack: Right, they were just like, they were all like Larry! Where, where were you been, man, we've been looking for you, we all gathered by the, the old pyramid and we found you, welcome back! 
Mike: What's the consensus here, everybody? Uh, comedy, horror, drama, farce, period movie, science fiction, what, what is the, what is this movie? What do you think? Josh? 
Josh: Nope.
Mike: Okay.
Jack: It is a Sci-Fi Erotic Horror Creature Friends-type Sit-Drama.
Mike: Oh!
Man: Alright, ok, what is this, Jaws?
Josh: You wish. You wish it was Jaws.
Rich: I, I wish it were Jaws.
Mike: There's a, a sw...a swap of pictures...he gets...her pictures fuck.
Scientist: We don't stop these creatures, no women with big tits will be safe anywhere.
Jessi: She's got her period.
Jay: This movie's like my worst nightmare.
Jessi: He sends his toys to do his bidding, this is so good.
Mike: Getting shivers watching this.

