May 16, 3013
The Vindicator, Cyber Tracker, Robot Jox, and R.O.T.O.R.
youtube.com/watch?v=s76vZATqLrE
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/335025426508435456
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-vindicator-cyber-tracker-robot-jox-and-r-o-t-o-r

Jack: It's not my kinda, I didn't grow up with that, but hey!
Josh: What?
Jack: Let's watch some movies.
Josh: Oh! Okay. Do, do you want to watch Russian Terminator?
Jack: No! It's Robot Jox.
Josh: Hugh Jackman's in this, right?
Jay: Well, this is the, the Guillermo Del Toro movie, right?
Josh: Right.
Jack: We got a screener of Guillermo's, Del Toro's new movie it's called Elysium, star, it's called Elysium, starring Will Smith and his son Jada Pinkett. Two men...two machines...too wild! Robot Jox, the massive killing machines of the future. Driven from the inside by the world's greatest warriors, these incredible robot gladiators use their awesome size and computer weapons to fight each other to the death. Climb in the cockpit of a giant killer robot and take on the enemy into the war.
Josh: You got a problem.
Jay: You got the problem.
Jack: And all the peoples of the worlds gathered together cuz like, hey, we shouldn't fight for territory, we should just fight because it's awesome.
Josh: Oh!
Rich: After this they're gonna be like, fuck this, we're going back to wars.
Jay: I don't think wars would be much less expensive.
Jay: Having to build new giant robots.
Jack: Fifty Classic Features Sci-Fi Invasion. Fifty movies in one box that you know they're all quality.
Josh: Every last one of ‘em. We're going to watch one of them today, its name is ROTOR.
Jack: It doesn't come with a thing on the back so Jay printed this.
Josh: There's a list of 50 movies that's what comes with.
Jack: I'm gonna pretend I'm reading it from the back. Robotic Officer Tactical Operation Research. A prototype robot intended for crime combat escapes from the development lab and goes on a killing rampage!
Josh: Alright!
Jack: That's it.
Jay: It was just daylight out, right?
Josh: Yes.
Rich: Oh god.
Jack: Oh, yeah! Let's start fucking!
Josh: This is gonna get hot!
Rich: Ugh.
Josh: No.
Rich: Really?
Jay: That's it.
Rich: Really?
Jay: That''s it, that was our exciting action scene.
Jack: Fuck you, movie!
Jay: There is nothing worse than middle of the road, so we watched The Vindicator we were horrible fucking bored and thankfully...well, I guess I don't know if thankfully's the right word but we had a technical...we had a technical issue where we shot the episode, with The Vindicator and two other movies, and.
there was an audio issue so now we have to reshoot the episode...and we say ok, well let's try and replace The Vindicator with a more interesting movie
Jack: So you took suggestions from the Red Letter Media...uh, Facebook, we, we looked through what we had as the archive and you went shopping.
Jay: Right. Uh, the, the important thing to say, to mention, is that I did not pay any attention to any of the suggestions that were given I just found things. Um, so the next movie that I found on VHS was Class of 1999 2. In the future, all teachers are cyborgs...that sounds fun to me. The problem being that we tried to put the tape in the VCR and it, it...
Rich: It just fell off.
Jay: It, it, the thing fell off, it wouldn't rewind and it wouldn't play, so Class of 1999 2 was out, uh, and then we tried a third movie .
Rich: I, I stopped paying any kind of attention a long time ago, I don't know what's going on.
Jay: She is acting.
Jack: Jay! This is how normal people speak and move.
Jay: I don't want to hear it.
Jay: You got bored with Cybertracker while Jack was reading the box.
Jay: You know the good thing about this movie?
Jack: What?
Jay: It sounds like the most original movie ever.
Jack: This movie is full of original and unique ideas, which is what Hollywood needs.
Josh: Maybe we should've stopped there.
Jack: This movie was so boring, we were talking about completely random things to keep ourselves interested. Like, do you ever...like, do you play emulators? Do you play like, uh, do you have a NES emulator? Yeah, it's not the same. Like, the game moves differently.
Rich: I don't have that problem with emulators. I'm fine with it.
Jay: Does anyone remember a show, I think it was on HBO, maybe Showtime, it didn't last very long, maybe one season, called, uh, Perversions of Science?
Jay: So we were really only left with two movies, and, and thank God...uh, I never thought I would say this in my life, but thank God for a little movie called ROTOR.
Jack: So Achilles tries to stop the fist missile from killing a couple people and ends up killing hundreds of people.
Jay: He literally ends up killing 300 people. 
Rich: Jay, his heart was in the right place.
All: See ya in hell!
Rich: I, I had to call the suicide prevention hotline last night because of ROTOR/
Jay: ROTOR is...
Rich: They told me to do it.
Jay: Uh, Rich? I know it's your favorite, so why don't you ex-, explain ROTOR?
Rich: Uh, ROTOR is about a police program to create a robot policeman who will execute people for minor traffic violations.
Jay: This is, riveting.
Jack: Ugh you gotta get that whole pan in.
Rich: Establishing Shot, The Movie.
Jack: Cut to establishing shot.
Josh: Cut to establishing shot.
Rich: They, they, they had to establish the (?) so they could establish the farm, so they could establish the farmhouse, so they could establish the kitchen counter.
Jack: It's morning! This movie felt to be like those papers that you wrote in high school.
Josh: Who he ends up giving his coffee to and he eats the carrots, which...
Jay: Womp womp.
Rich: Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha.
Jay: And the best way to, uh, sort of let the investors in this project know that this is a good thing, is to show them a shitty 8 millimeter film of a stop-motion robot breakdancing.
Jack: And doing some sweet taekwondo moves. This movie just became worth it.
Jay: She wants to get married, he wants to go to IHOP.
Jay: I don't want to live anymore.
Rich: As I've said, the ending is like the Bluesmobile. 
Josh: Yes.
Rich: It, it gets to the Daley Plaza and it just falls apart. I, I can't, in good conscience, pick either.
Jack: All you have to do is...whilst you're editing these, look at the time codes for how long we talked about each one.
Jay: We talked about ROTOR for four hours!
Jack: Yes! I know, that's what I'm saying. And so, if you're talking about entertainment bang for your buck...
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: ROTOR gets the fucking clock...
Rich: Would you call it entertainment? It's, it's, it's dissection. This is like, this is like being in a lab, and you've got the lab coat on, you''re, you're taking apart the movie with a scalpel, and when you’re looking at it, it's not, this doesn't make any sense.
Jay: But you know what, I would rather do that than just go...
Rich: The, the only thing I can say for sure...is I would like to destroy Cybertracker. Because that movie has no value, good or bad.
