Nov 22, 2013
Wheel of the Worst #3 - Tree Stand Safety, Where Did I Come From?, Incredible Instant Adoring Boyfriend
https:/www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fkjMstO-t0
https:/twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/404063804146720768
https:/www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-3

Jay: All right, Rich.
Rich: Ok, it’s time for another Wheel of the Worst let’s get this over with.
Jay: No, no, Rich, we haven’t done one of these in a while, we have to explain what’s on the Wheel here, before, I know when we’ve done the Wheel of the Worst it’s been a horrible disaster every time, but we do have to set this up properly, so let’s, let’s go through what’s on the Wheel here, we got some old classics and some new things. Uh, first up is Travelling Alone in America, now we looked at the back of this and it seems to be some sort of Canadian production, about the dangers of coming to America.
Rich: There’s plenty of dangers. And next up we have Where Did I Come From? Which looks like a cartoon about people having awkward sex
Jay: I think aimed at children and I think the come part is not an intentional joke...uh, next up...
Rich: Oh, god.
Jay: Tom Parks in Diabetes: A Positive Approach. And this is like, uh, Tree Stand Safety, this cover is sort of a little masterpiece
Rich: It’s a good thing it’s not called HIV: A Positive Approach.
Jay: Oh.
Rich: And nang next up, Incredible Instant Boring Boyfriend.
Jay: Adoring Boyfriend.
Rich: Oh! Oh, I thought it said boring.
Jay: It’s yet to be decided, if it’s boring or not, but I think this is some sort of virtual boyfriend where you put it in and he talks to you.
Rich: For incredibly lonely women.
Jay: Not just women, I’m sure there’s some men...
Rich: Ok. It’s okay.
Jay: He looks like a handsome fellow. Uh...Introducing Kitten Kommotion, Seven Cute, Cuddly Kittens. They Wrestle, Romp, Explore, Lounge and Play. So this is the laziest video that anyone has ever distributed.
Rich: And, and the tape up next needs no introduction...it’s the second-most popular tape on this show, Tree Stand Safety. And hopefully, hopefully we’ll, we’ll land on that today.
Jay: I hope so, I’ve been looking forward to Tree Stand Safety. Next up, we have one of the most mysterious tapes on the board, uh, Dunkin’ Donuts 1994 Fall Donut Event Finishing Video with Bob Rosenberg .
Rich: Okay. Okay...oh, god.
Jay: This was sent to us and this was all it was, just this label.
Rich: You know what’s gonna happen, right? The Wheel is going to land on that instead of..
Jay: Oh.
Rich: ...our next tape, The Shoji Tabuchi Show.
Jay: The most anticipated video of all time.
Rich: In human history.
Jay: Yeah. All right, Rich, let’s get this over with.
Jay: All right.
Rich: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah!
Jay: Well, that may have been the most disappointing thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
Jessi: Not me. No. Take off your pants! Nobody irons a jean skirt. What is wrong with you? I want to take a nap. This is boring.
Mike: Yeah, this video should really be called Murderous Grandma or Fat Ethel 3.
Jay: Although, it does get meta at one point, when they show them opening the tree stand and there’s a VHS tape in there with instructions on how to properly use the tree stand, and it’s like is that the video we’re watching? Did Spike Jonze make this video?
Rich: It’s like a puppet now!
Mike: There was an ambulance that drove into the forest to, to slowly carry a man out on a stretcher.
Jay: I think we can all agree, though, that the cover’s a work of art. It should be hanging in a museum.
Jessi: Oh, no!
Mike: Ahh.
Jay: Oh. You can make a video about us watching that video, called How Did I End Up Here?
Mike: Yeah, What’s, What’s Wrong With Our Lives?
Jay: This duck staring at crotches is really unsettling. Well, you start to understand you’re attracted to...you know, whatever, the opposite sex, or whatever, when you’re younger than that, but you don’t really know what that means, exactly, until you’re a little bit older.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: I was smart, I figured it all out on my own by the time I was 2.
Mike: Did nana tell you about the birds and the bees?
Rich: No, nobody told me about the birds and the beads. It was all, all self-taught.
Mike: The birds, the birds and the beads?
Rich: The birds and the beads, right?
Jessi: Beads.
Rich: There’s a bead involved somewhere, I’ve never had sex.
Jessi: No, that’s, that’s what an anal bead...
Jay: There’s anal beads.
Rich: Ohh...
Mike: Did you type, did you type what is sex? on google, and, like...
Jay: And you just got anal beads.
Mike: Well, speaking of anal beads, let’s let’s about Instant Adoring Boyfriend.
Rich: I, I think they DID pack the first five minute, oh yes and your eyes are, are so beautiful, I know, you, you eat this cake ‘cause I don’t care how fat you get, I’ll still love you, more than the moon. I’m gonna say it might be plausible, because, now that I think about it, he reminds me of the husband character on The Ghost Whisperer.
Mike: After, after the, the cartoon mommy and daddy...conceived...after that, it was all downhill.
Rich: After the daddy came.
Mike: After the daddy came an ocean of semen.
Jessi: Well, that’s usually where men stop caring anyways.
