Apr 30, 2013
Wheel of the Worst #1 - Candid Candid Camera Vol. 6, Let's Rap Fire Safety, The Dance of Birth
youtube.com/watch?v=JkWk_chVcJk
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/329453881555812353
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-wheel-of-the-worst

Rich: Hi, Mike. What's this?
Mike: Why, it's the, Wheel of the Worst!
Rich: Ok, so we're gonna give this thing three spins, and whatever it lands on we're gonna watch. Ok, why don't we tell the audience what we're gonna watch today?
Mike: Well, first up, is The Family Guide to the Internet
Rich: Then we have Let's Rap Fire Safety
Mike: Candid Camera Volume 6.
Rich: Gary Coleman For Safety's Sake
Mike: Dancin' Grannies Mature Fitness for beginners
Rich: Then there's Tree Stand Safety
Mike: The Dance of Birth
Rich: And then finally The Shoji Tabuchi Show
Mike: I have no idea what the fuck that is. It's the family show that's the talk of the town, though. Alright, Rich, why don't you give it a spin?
Rich: Alright. Here we go! Here we go!
Jay: Oh, no. 
Rich: Candid Candid Camera Volume 6
Mike: Let's go
Jay: If it doesn't feature him being nude, then I don't care.  I think we, oh, my god.
Jessi: Why is it...
Mike: I think it involves children now.
Jay: She's not a fireman
Jessi: She looks like a fly girl
Mike: My battery needs changing.
Rich: My pants need changing.
Mike: They should make a video about rap safety. Don't rappers get killed a lot?
Jessi: Oh, no!
Jay: Oh! Fuck you, Dance of Birth!
Jessi: Can we do this over? Please! I don't want that one!
Mike: Ok, time for me to shut this off.
Jessi: Why don't they slap me in the face with more feminist bullshit.
Jay: So basically, this, this Candid Candid Camera Volume 6 is unintentionally a window into the underbelly of, of perversion and homelessness.
Mike: I hope they all die.
Rich: I could've used this video, cuz when I was younger, I almost burned down my grandmother's house cooking french fries. Just like the kid in the video almost burned down his grandfather's house.
Mike: Did you throw water on it?
Rich: I didn't throw water on it, uh...just, my first instinct was, the kitchen had a back door, was, my first instinct was to throw it out the back door into the snow...instead I just burned my hands and dropped burning grease all over the house.
Mike: Rich, what were your favorite parts of Let's Rap About Fire Safety.
Rich: Uhh yeah...probably the fire alarm's eyes shaking...back and forth.
Mike: That part was your favorite part?
Rich: I have no favorite part...the crappy CGI.
Mike: That's the thing, though, for 2000, the CGI in this was appalling. I would expect more from AllState.
Jay: Well, The Dance of Birth is the greatest movie that David Lynch never made.
Rich: It's, it's an hour of incoherent New Age babble. I don't think the video even says what benefit there is to this, it just says to do it.
Jay: No, I wonder how many babies died in the womb because of this video
Rich: We had a lot of babies born with shaken baby syndrome. She's saying nonsense, and she thinks she's smart for saying complete and utter nonsense, I would love to sit down with a group of doctors and pediatricians and watch The Dance of the Birth and they would probably laugh harder than anyone. It's absolute nonsense packaged as wisdom.
Jessi: It should be, it should be stated also that the husbands didn't look very embarrassed of what they were doing, but the babies looked embarrassed.
Mike: So we have, we have birth, sexual desire, and self-preservation. Your child may grow up to be an elderly man who drinks himself to death.
Jay: Yeah, an alcoholic pervert.
Mike: Rich?
Rich: Candid Camera Volume 6 is a…[Giggles] it's a cesspool of human filth. Can you imagine this without the laugh track? Can you...It would be, it would be like watching a snuff film.
Rich: See, this, this is like going to church, ok...everybody, everybody, everybody gets together, they pretend there's a big man in the sky, and they go home feeling happy.
Rich: Smile. You're on Candid Camera.
