Dec 23, 2013
Christmas Special - Elves, Santa Claus, and Christmas Vacation 2
youtube.com/watch?v=3plH6M1LadY
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/415223401653870592
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-christmas-special

Hey, everybody!
Merry Christmas!
Why are you in pajamas?
Uh, I thought we were doing like a, a Christmas morning thing?
Where you wake up, you run out to the tree and you open presents?
No.
Ho...ho...ho no...
Well, Rich, uh, it looks like Santa left us some presents, and since you're the festive one, why don't ya open up a gift and see what he gave us?
Ok!
Okay...to, you idiots.
Oh.
From...Satan.
Oh!
Santa!
Oh!
Santa.
It's...Elves!
They're not working for Santa anymore.
Ok, so demon elves.
Demon elves on Christmas?
Demon elves on Christmas, okay.
All right.
A holiday horror.
I'm sure it is.
I wanna join that organization!
They look so anti-Christmas.
Yeah.
What do we got here?
Oh, they look, they look great!
What, the elves?
Yeah, yeah, these little puppet monsters.
Fantastic.
Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the town, blood-thirsty elves are about to get down!.
Okay.
Oh...we're off to a good start.
No.
Uh, an innocent romp in the woods turns into a hellish nightmare when three young girls accidentally awaken an army of evil elves, in quotes, genetically created by a Neo-Nazi mad scientist during World War II and we have a winner!
So we have Nazi elves on Christmas
Nazi elves on Christmas.
These hideous creatures don't work for Santa, they have a special mission: to mate with a virgin and take over the world as a pint-sized master race!
All right.
Oh, god.
This has everything going for it.
Yeah, yeah.
This is here henceforth called Everything: The Movie.
Dan, Dan Haggerty, Grizzly Adams, stars as Mike McGavin, a department store Santa who must expose the unholy force and stop the gruesome terror before the elves destroy Christmas.
Aww.
Ok, when I first opened this box, I'm like, oh, but after I read the back of it, I'm like oh!
So this, this started to look a lot better.
Here lies the last Santa.
So we got Christmas horror movie, we got, uh, demon elves, we got Grizzly Adams.
Mall Santas and Nazis.
Yes, yes, this sounds like a winner.
Did someone say dicks?
It's a Christmas miracle!
Oh, oh!
Oh, my god.
Oh, god!
Oh, no!
I'll get it, I'll get it.
Okay.
Here you go.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Holy...moley.
Now here's the line we want your son to say, mom.
Haha, wasn't Elves great?
Nothing puts me in a holiday spirit like incest, rape, and Nazis.
Right, Mike?Uh...why don't we pick another film that Santa has left under the tree for us?
Great, great, how about...oh, here's one, to Best of the Worst, From Santa.
Why don't you open that up, Mike?
All right.Well, thank you, Santa.
I can't wait to s, this is the first time we've opened a present and I can't wait to see what it is.
Yeah.
I hope Santa didn't leave us another shitty movie under the tree, I have a feeling he might have, though.
What is it?
Oh my god.
It's a DVD with 3 movies on it, what do we do?
Uh, I think we just watch the first one on it, Santa Claus.
This is where all the missing children end up.
Well let's take a look.
Ooh, and this one has the shortest synopsis.
Santa Claus.
Pitch, the mean-spirited devil is trying to ruin Christmas.
Santa Claus teams up with Merlin the Magician and the children of the world.
Oh my god, that's a pretty big team-up.
To, in order to save the day
I can't understand you.
Do you work for me?
Santa, for Christmas I wanna go home.
Oh my god, it's 94 minutes long.
Great!
Let's go!
Oh, he's not there.
Hey, Rich.
Yeah.
You wanna watch some more Christmas movies?
No, I don't wanna watch any more Christmas movies.
Are we gonna have some Christmas movie fun?
No, no, please no.
Okay.
No, no,no!
Oh...
Christmas!
Here it is, Rich, the final Christmas movie of the night.
Oh, Christmas time, full of wonder and cheer!
Ohh!
Ok, ok.
Christmas Vacation 2
Oh, no.
It's a movie.
Oh, Jesus.
When Cousin Eddie joined Clark Griswold and his family from National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, the movie quickly became a holiday institution.
An institution, of course, is where many think Cousin Eddie should reside.
Randy Quaid again plays crude but lovable Eddie, and Miriam Flynn returns as his wife in another comic skid on the vacation banana peel.
In a way, Christmas has always been a test of survival for Eddie and his...
Which, according to grandpa, was the original Nazi symbol instead of the swastika.
While he's talking, it just goes right, it cuts to the little girls and they're just sitting there and they're just listening
Professor Physics: The elves were a genetic engineering experiment.
And the Nazis had rape experiments, and...
They're just watching!
And they're like, really, daddy?
What's, what's a gas-powered dildo?
What's a rape experiment?
Like how does that work?
Well, I, I don't think anyone is gonna willingly fuck that troll, so obviously this is a rape experiment.
Why the fuck would anybody think that's the master race?
It's this disgusting little two foot tall troll!
The Nazis really wanted to crossbreed humanity with those things?
To create a master race?
So they could...
They run around in the woods and eat their own shit!
Hey, they eat bugs, ok?
Not, not their own shit.
Do you, do you remember at the end, when the troll's about to rape the girl, and then he sees the bug?
And he grabs the bug.
In Germany in the 1940s there was a rash of dick-stabbing assassins and no one figured it out until today.
That would, that would strike fear into my heart.
Stay in...stay in, stay in line with the Nazi party or we're gonna stab your dick!
Yes sir, yes sir, yes sir!
Or else we'll shove a knife in your balls.
Not just once, over and over and over.
Jay, where did find this movie?
I found it at a pawn shop in South Dakota.
This pawn...
Twelve years ago.
Jay found this at a pawn shop in South Dakota.
Great find.
His little floppy hands.
The perfect assassin.
The little disgusting troll was just attempting foreplay.
Yeah!
I mean he...
Ohh, he was trying to be, like...
I think so.
He was warming her up, yeah.
He was in love with her, it wasn't rape to him.
My inner monologue is outer.
And, and instead of throwing the bomb out the window, he jumps out of the car.
It was as if...they had just told him that his mother died, before the movie started.
Or they just told him that he was acting in Elves.
But really, I mean, if you read the script to this.
I don't know, it, maybe, maybe it reads better.
Yeah, I'm sure...
Grizzly Adams, you don't know how to read!
That was the longest trail-off of Rich Evans' laugh I've ever heard.
Well, our next film, uh, simply titled Santa Claus was on a 3-movie dvd collection...of, um, Santa Claus Classics.
Uhclassics does not have sixteen around it, as it should.
Santa's got his blowjob machine all ready.
Oh my god!
Oh god.
Oh...
An early fleshlight?
Which is half the size of the wall.
Yeah.
It's, it's huge.
Santa has a very huge, huge cock.
Yeah .
Gawd.
He's constantly giving, giving, giving...
Ohh...
Santa's a giver.
Ohhh!
Damn, girl!
Yeah, where's Mrs.Claus in this whole scenario?
No.
Merlin.
Don't need no Mrs.Claus.
Merlin's the bottom?
Ah ha ha!
He's a power bottom, so he...
He's a power bottom?
He gives back, you know what I'm saying?
How he, how he, you know...
He's very...ma-, magic, every time they get together.
Well, no,  you can tell Merlin kinda walks a little funny.
Yeah, he's got a real...
He's hurt, he's hurt from the night before...
He probably has a potion.
He probably has a potion for every time Santa comes into his room at night.
It's the, called his erase my memory potion.
He had like an ear satellite thing, and of course, a giant vagina on the wall.
They, the only reason the movie got made, is because it was uh, produced by the dry ice king of...
We got all this dry ice here, you wanna...make a Santa Claus movie?
They live with the hairy-chested blacksmith.
Oh yeah, who's in one scene with no shirt.
He, he pounds the metal all day, uh, Santa Claus comes in and asks him to make him a key for his keyhole.
Was that, was that like a metaphor for...
I think so.
I would love to find out if these are all real Santa Claus myths, or if the filmmakers...
This is the result of tequila.
It's tequila and dry ice .
It's one long night of margaritas and...
Mm-hmm.
They wake up and there's like a film reel on their bed.
What did we do last night?
Oh my god, did we make a movie?!
Oh, no, not again!
Just call it Santa Claus.
Wait, what happens in it?
I don't know, whatever, man.
Oh god, can you imagine how much we're not going to laugh when we talk about Christmas Vacation 2?
What happened last night?
I don't know.
Where did all these children come from?!
I hurt!
I hurts!
It hurts!
It hurts!
I'm sorry!
I just flashbacked to them, like, oh god...
Are we sure we made a Santa Claus movie?
Who, who got the Merlin hat?
I don't know, man.
We put it together later
Where did this castle come from?
I pictured them on the beach, like, in Mexico, they just wake up in the morning, there's all this shit everywhere.
Couple of kids just don't wake up.
The one in the sombrero.
Quick!
Quick, pack up that giant doll costumes and let's run!
Let's talk about Christmas Vacation 1!
Oh, that's a great movie!
Remember, remember, do you remember the lights, that would blind everybody?
That is so great!
That was so great!
They had to turn on the auxiliary nuclear power?
And then when the neighbors kept spilling stuff and then when they're cleaning up, the lights would go back on and, ohh!
Squirrel...How does that contrast with Christmas Vacation 2?
Ohh...
Do you...do you remember the, the scene where the dog farted?
No.
Do you, you remember when, when, when...he was dumber than the...the chimpanzee?
My, my guess is that Eric Idle said I will work for one day, you get me for one day if you give me a whole bunch of money, I will come and fall down in your movie.
Did they, did they have a bunch of money to give anybody, though?
I don't, you know...
I guess Ed Asner's in it.
They shot this...
They have Ed Asner money.
This was incre-...there you go.
That's the movie.
They got Ed Asner.
A couple, a couple of hundred dollar bills and a case of beer?
Some, some bourbon and they're set?
Some, his diabetes medicine?
Haha!
Were they withholding his diabetes medicine unless he was in the movie?
The highlight of the movie, for us, was the fact that a fictional character was from the town we live in.
All right!
The interesting thing is that's what the screenwriter thought, what's the farthest thing, the most remote thing from the tropics that I could possibly think of?
Milwaukee is often the butt of jokes in movies, like where are you from?
Milwaukee, it's a joke, you know, it's kind of sad.
But it's true.
I can summarize the movie for you, ok?
Randy Quaid is stupid.
I'm not talking about the character Cousin Eddie...I mean Randy Quaid is stupid.
Don't forget the director and the screenwriter.
And the director is stupid, and the screenwriter is stupid.
They faded out cuz Ed Asner died in the middle of the shot.
He's jamming, uh, luggage in the trunk, that's the joke.
And he's so dumb, there's no way that anyone other than a small, retarded child could ever possibly relate to him.
This is a Best of the Worst first...we ask our nonpartisan cameraman to break the tie.
Who's...
Elves!
Okay!
Elves is the Best of the Worst!
Fuck you, Bauman!
What are you guys up to?
Uh, Christmas Vacation 2: Cousin Eddie's Island...Christmas Vacation...was the most insulting movie, I think, either of us have seen in quite some time.
Yes, that's fair to say, that's accurate.
And so, we wanted to find the most brutal way to dispose of the movie.
Other than shooting it with guns.
The shredder doesn't like the movie.
So after we shredded the DVD of Christmas Vacation 2, we put it a ziploc bag and now we're preparing to mail it back where it came from, which is Warner Brothers Pictures.
And that's care of director Nick Marck.
We're also including a letter, and that letter reads, Dear Warner Brothers, Why did you do this?
Sincerely, Best of the Worst.
