Nov 30, 2013
Playing Dangerous 2, The Exterminator, Deadliest Prey
youtube.com/watch?v=kdGfGjusufo
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/406786474781474816
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-playing-dangerous-2-the-exterminator-and-the-deadliest-prey

Jay: Hey Josh, do you want to watch some movies?
Josh: Okay.
Jay: Okay so, Josh, this week we're going to watch sequels to movies we've previously watched on Best of the Worst
Josh: I was gonna say we watched these already, these look familiar to me.
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: It, uh...they're not quite. Uh, but we'll start today with, uh, Playing Dangerous 2, never send a man to do a boy's job. Eleven year old Stuart Wolfe gets more than he bargained for when he joins an artificial intelligence program rather than attend summer camp. Uh, Stuart discovers that, instead of teaching computers to think, someone is using the program to steal information. The goal: America's top scientific, financial, and military secrets.
Jay: Ooh...
Josh: That's very efficient. When Stuart tells his mentor Jack Harrison, Jack slips without realizing it and reveals he's the mastermind of the conspiracy. Spoilers!
Jay: This is giving the whole movie away.
Josh: Box!
Jay: Just an adult in a room full of drugged kids, no big deal. Oh, my god! This is getting weird.
Josh: What the hell?
Jay: So out next film is our inverted sequel, it's, we already saw Exterminator 2, not knowing anything about the series, but now we have The Exterminator.
Josh: We're gonna get some answers.
Jay: It does star Robert Ginty, who I believe was the Exterminator in the first one, right?
Josh: Yes. And the second one.
Jay: I don't know if this makes sense, but he looks like a little boy as an older man?
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Does that make sense?
Josh: Oh yeah.
Jay: Ok.
Jack: It's like if a little boy was inflated.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: So yeah, maybe this will make the second movie make more sense, be more satisfying as a result of this? I don't know...
Josh: I don't know. It's not gonna have any Mario Van Peebles in it.
Jay: When Vietnam veteran John Eastland (Robert Ginty) learns that his best friend was left paralyzed at the hands of a New York street gang, he will not rest until they are brought to justice. Eastland takes the law into his own hands and becomes a one-man task force who annihilates his buddy's attackers, and goes on a hunt down the city's entire dark underworld. That's the exact same thing as the second movie.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Uh, to the public, he's a hero, but to law enforcement officials, The Exterminator is a psychopath capable of dangerously undermining and entire government administration.
Josh: Okay.
Jay: So they're mad that he's setting more people on fire than they are .
Josh: I hope more grandparents get shot.
Jay: Ooh! Yeah, we'll see.
Rich: This is the most awkward car chase of all time. They're crashing into things only because they can't drive.
Jay: So, Josh, what is our final film of the night?
Josh: Finally, Ted Prior...is the Deadliest Prey.
Jay: Yes.
Josh: Deadliest. Oh, we are excited about this, we had a fantastic time watching Deadly Prey, uh, and the tagline obviously is a, just going right into it, in Vietnam he was the best...now he has to prove it again!
Jay: Oh, yes! They worked again into the...that's my favorite tagline for sequels, he's saying it happened again?
Josh: Oh.
Jay: Signed by Ted Prior himself
Josh: Yes, very...
Jay: Minus mullet, unfortunately.
Josh: Oh, and he's wearing pants.
Jay: Yeah, these are all detriments...
Josh: I know.
Jay: As far as I'm concerned.
Josh: Nearly 30 years ago, the highly decorated special forces soldier Mike Danton was inadvertently sucked into a violent game of cat and mouse with Colonel Hogan, his ex-commanding officer. Thrown out into the middle of the woods with nothing but a pair of shorts on his body and no weapons, Danton was forced to fight dozens of armed soldiers to survive, and he did, killing all but one
Josh: Ohhh that's my colonel! Now, all these years later, the one he left alive is coming back to haunt him as the bitter Colonel Hogan gets released from prison and immediately seeks out his revenge on Danton. And this time he is broadcasting every bloody moment of it to the public to prove to the whole world that he is in fact the very best there is.
Jay: Broadcasting it where?
Josh: I don't know yet. Uh...
Jay: This is his plan? Like I want to broadcast me violently murdering you to show to the world...something?
Josh: Jay...some people just don't learn.
Jay: We can only hope that some people just don't learn, and by some people, I mean David and Ted Prior. How does this stack up to Playing Dangerous Part 1?
Rich: It, it stacks up poorly, compared to Playing Dangerous Part 1, Playing Dangerous Part 1 was the story of Stuart, a young boy who had to defend his family from a terrorist who wanted a techno thing. Playing Dangerous 2 was the story of...
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: This is sucks.
Jay: Hey look, a Boglin! I set him on fire but he's gonna be alright.
Josh: He's o...he's only a little burnt to the bone.
Rich: They go out of their way to say he's alive, even though Stuart would have no way of knowing this.
Jay: Yeah. Don't worry, he'll be ok, he ran out of the building in flames but I'm guessing he's alright?
Josh: He stopped and dropped and rolled.
Jack: He did the flame calculations in his head, he's a very smart kid so he knows the combustion rate of his poly nylon suit, he knows how long that's gonna burn, flame retardant by the way, so he, I mean, the, he's gonna be fine.
Rich: And the government secret?....E=mc squared. E=mc square was just hanging out on the defense website?
Jack: Just as a friendly reminder...
Rich: Make sure nobody forgets an important piece of science.
Josh: Put smart crap on there, alright? You don't wanna look stupid.
Jay: Rich, you're a video game person, have you ever played a game where you can't see what you're supposed to be shooting at? Is that a game that exists?
Rich: Doom 3?
Jay: Video game joke! Ahh, the famous apple juice-drinking scene!
Josh: That happened.
Jay: This is the realization that he'll never get another job after this movie.
Jack: Umm.
Rich: What the fuck?
Jay: That kid just discovered drugs.
Rich: Live? Does he normally eat dead jello? It was kind of mind bending , he's not only a terrible actor, but he's a terrible actor reading terrible dialogue, it was like staring into infinity.
Jay: Finally...after an hour of boring computer bullshit, uh, the, the hen-, the bad guy hires henchmen to chase Stuart around one hallway, it's just the same hallway over and over.
Rich: It's almost like the Scooby-Doo routine. Okay. There are jokes that make you laugh, ok? And then there are jokes that you have no reaction to. But every now and then there's a joke so bad...it makes you less laugh.
Jack: I know you can't be more than a hundred yards away.
Josh: And then the amount of laughs...
Rich: Like you'll be...you'll be sitting there normal...and then the joke will happen and then you'll move slightly less smile. Even though you weren't smiling and, and that is called non-medy.
Jack: They were right behind him.
Josh: They're not very good at their job.
Rich: He's very fast.
Jay: There was one mo-, moment though, where Stuart cut loose. What happens?
Josh: Oh my god, so he's in the hallway.
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: And he comes out of a door and then all of a sudden he's doing monkey arms over his head and then he kind of glances at the camera like, ah ha, that take. Um, except it's in the movie.
Jay: But it's in the movie!
Josh: I do-, I have, there's no precedence for it, there's no context for it, it's so very, very clearly an outtake that for some reason...I don't know, the editor was just fuck this noise, that's going in the movie.
Jay: The, the only that makes sense is that the director was not paying attention and they only did the one take, cuz why else would that be in the movie?
Jack: But they didn't need that shot like there was just a lot of random running in the exact same hallway...that they did not specifically need that shot, so someone chose to put in a monkey arm thing just to see if they could.
Jay: Yeah. To see if the, ok, the director didn't notice this when we were shooting, let's see if he notices that we put it in the edit, and he didn't notice it again.
Josh: Nope.
Jack: Well, the director was so busy just, uh, you know, being blackout drunk...
Jay: I guess. That, that little Stuart, he's off to college now and all of his friends are making fun of him, remember when you were a little kid in that movie and you were doing the monkey arms?
Josh: Shut up!
Jay: I think if you were...
Rich: I think if you were, you were drunk you'd be making a more interesting movie. He was, he was clinically depressed .
Josh: Just, just, just had his hands the entire...
Rich: He was all out of Prozac, he really hated himself, it was an attempted suicide.
Jay: Making Playing Dangerous 2 was an attempt at suicide?
Rich: Yes!
Jay: That's an amazing theory.
Jack: Suicide via boredom.
Josh: Rich, that's the pull quote for the US by the way.
Jack: What?
Josh: Flack vest.
Jack: Ohh flack vest. And I thought he, I thought he, I thought it said black dick.
Jay: Did they just cut out like, 5 scenes?
Rich: Yeah. They cut out all of that.
Jay: It's like they, it's like they said, you know what, all this expla, explanation for why he's doing this is boring, just pull it out of the movie.
Rich: Here's, here's the deal though, we're dealing with Robert Ginty here?...Ok…? Coke Zero? Mister Coke Zero doing...do we really* want 20 minutes of him. I'm very upset...
Jay: We don't need 20 minutes, all we need is one scene! We need something to connect just those two sequences
Josh: Literally just him picking up a flamethrower.
Jay: And saying I'm gonna exact revenge.
Rich: Ok. Yes.
Josh: He doesn't even have to say that! He just has to look at it meaningfully, which I'm not sure he can do But he's got a...
Jack: If he could, okay, how about this? If he looks at a flamethrower...
Josh: That's it!
Jack: That's it.
Josh: That's enough! And we didn't get it.
Jay: It's almost like that editing test where they just show someone's face, and then they cut to a bowl of soup, and then they cut to a person's face and they cut to something else to, and that's like, you get the emotion out of it. You just cut to that guy's dull fucking face and then cut to a flamethrower and you're like, oh, revenge!
Josh: That's it.
Jay: That's it, I get it.
Josh: That's all that movie needed and they failed to do it.
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: Uh, meanwhile the cops...uh, one particular cop...
Jay: Hot dog cop?
Josh: Hot dog cop. Uh, the man is a genius with a lamp and some forks.
Jay: Wait, what is this? Did he put a, is that a hot dog?
Rich: Yes, it is.
Jay: What is, what is that? That's...
Jack: What?
Jay: Interesting. You know what? At least they're doing something. It's not him sitting there and he, talks on the phone and then that's the scene. Like, at least they're trying.
Josh: Was that in the script or did they just leave that in?
Jay: I think that might've been something they just left in. So weird that he got pulled back on a giant cord at the exact same time that Robert McGinty shot him.
Rich: We think, I think the protagonist though is supposed to be like, that the cop, hot dog cop, and he spends, he spends 90% of the movie dating Doctor British.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: That has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, like, just like, they go out on dates and seem to have a lovely time.
Rich: What the fuck?
Jay: Josh, what's the plot of Deadliest Prey?
Josh: Have you seen Deadly Prey?
Jay: I have seen Deadly Prey.
Josh: That's the plot of Deadliest Prey.
Jay: Oh!
Rich: Dan Prior must've spent months at high schools studying the speech patterns of modern-day youth.
Jack: True dat.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Rich: Jack, you should have let the spit-take happen.
Jack: I didn't wanna do it on the microphone. Hey, man, dude, man, I will send you the URL.
Jay: I love that they're hanging out in the kitchen looking at things on the internet on laptops. These, these hackers, out of them, we discovered our favorite character of the movie, which is...her name is Candy Girl? I guess?
Rich: True dat.
Jack: There was one, there was one line of dialogue in which she starts and ends with true that.
Jay: If someone called me and said, do you want to be in Ghoulies 5? I would be there in a second.
Rich: It's like, it's like Dan Prior thought the internet was like a TV channel.
Jay: Oh, he has a copy of the movie.
Rich: That happened so slow, I didn't have time to react.
Jack: What? Why are you...
Jay: These catchphrases are the worst!
Josh: They go so far back around that they pass non-medy.
Jay: Yeah, yeah. This movie passed the non-medy scale, I would say.
Rich: And he, he also gets beaten to death with his own arm because this movie's completely different.
Jack: You even got a signed copy, right?
Jay: Yeah! This is signed by uh, uh, Ted Prior, who plays Danton, unfortunately it's signed on the plastic, not on the actual sleeve. uh, if you're gonna sign a DVD, sign the sleeve, because we can do this now. And now...oh no, why did Ted Prior sign our copy of Playing Dangerous 2?
Josh: He was very confused.
Jay: Ted Prior, why did you do this?
