Aug 28, 2013
V-World Matrix, The Amazing Bulk, and Gymkata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4HOlhADlZo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/372789065613340673
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151629023387634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-v-world-matrix-the-amazing-bulk-and-

Who are you?
Hi!
I’m Colin, from Canada.
How did you get in here?
I don’t know.
So Colin, what do you do in Canada?
Well, I’ve been a visual effects artist for the past 20 years.
Oh, neat!
What, uh, movies have you worked on?
Uh, worked on movies like The Chronicles of Narnia, The Incredible Hulk, and your personal favorite, Jack the Giant Killer Slayer
Ohh!
My favorite film, Jack and the Giant Bean Killer.
Well, it’s funny you mention visual effects ‘cause the three movies we’re going to be watching today filled with ‘em!
Let’s take a look at them now!
What?
Our first film is called V-World Matrix, um, and I do not have an official release copy of this movie so this is the print-out from amazon.com.
Their description 
And they actually have spelling errors in this
They do, yeah.
Two friends ‘tae’ a cyber vacation to experience a world where they can act out their most violent and erotic fantasies.
They soon realize they’ve entered a virtual free-for-all.
Forbidden fantasies and desires suddenly appear in the form of ever deadlier dark women?
So horribly awkward.
Confusing is what it is.
Next one is The Amazing Bulk.
Now, I’ve seen the trailer for this movie and, uh, it looks like a winner, it’s kind of fitting ‘cause I worked on The Incredible Hulk, so...
Henry ‘Hank’ Howard, an ambitious but frustrated young scientist, struggles to develop a superhuman serum designed to improve muscle mass and prolong life expectancy.
His boss, the grumpy general Darwin, will not allow Hank to marry his daughter Hannah until the experiment is a success.
Against Darwin’s wishes, Hank attempts to propose to Hannah, but his life is shattered by a mugger who steals his engagement ring.
What?
Feeling dejected, Hank injects himself with the experimental serum and is transformed into his alter ego, ‘the amazing bulk’
That sounds like the plot to a soap opera.
Uhh...
What is the plot to The Incredible Hulk?
I don’t even know.
The Incredible Hulk?
And did you see the movie that you worked on?
No.
He’s mincing away!
Our final film of the day is Sing Along With Frank Woehrle...Our final film of the day is Transmorphers.
So this is an Asylum movie, we all know about The Asylum, uh, filled with really terrible CGI graphics and giant robots, 
Can I, can I just stop you there?
I work in visual effects like every single day, I work with computers and I’ve seen CG, can we just...do a movie without CG please?
Hmm...I guess so.
The question is, how do we decide what movie to watch?
Well, I could think of nothing better to pick a bad movie with than the Wheel of the Worst.
So, what do we have on the Wheel today?
Well, Mike, let’s start with Hollywood Cop.
Next up is Aladdin.
Now of those (?) we got two copies of Aladdin here .
Yeah, I, I don’t know.
So the chances are we’re going to be watching Aladdin.
The chances are increased.
Okay.
Our third film is Gymkata.
Now, this is my personal copy that I brought down from Canada.
Uh, I’ve never watched it before, so I’m praying that it lands on Gymkata
Next up, another Aladdin.
No.
And we have Partners, I don’t know anything this movie.
Well, it appears to be a crime thriller, of, about cops.
How, how do you, how can you tell that?
Well, there’s some subtle hints on the cover.
Next up is Alienator, uh, in deep space, the deadliest animal is still woman?
So...Jan Michael Vincent’s in it.
That looks like someone in KISS.
Uh, looks like Daryl Hannah.
Next up.
Stallone, I love Stallone.
It’s not Sylvester Stallone.
Oh.
It’s Frank Stallone.
No, no, I love Frank Stallone, that’s what I meant.
What?
Uh, next up is Crazy Fat Ethel 2.
The sequel to Crazy Fat Ethel, apparently.
Starring, uh, Andy Richter?
So I guess it’s time to spin the Wheel of the Worst!
Give it a good spin, Colin!
Come on, Gymkata!
Ohh!!!
Gymkata!
Did we just skip that?
Yes.
Ok.
They cut to horses.
Yes
Like, horsepower?
I, I, I...
I don’t think you should look for symbolism in Gymkata.
So we watched, uh, three new movies this week, uh, two of them were special effects-driven, visual effects-driven movies, and then the last one was, uh, random?
Um...
What do you mean by that, are you suggesting a conspiracy?
No!
Absolutely not, it was just completely random, we spun the Wheel and it landed on Gymkata.
You know, those things happen.
Whatever happened, it was at least spontaneous.
Um, obviously, they had an idea in mind, and were not able to fully execute it because of their limitations, so you have to use your imagination a little.
You have to imagine you’re watching a good movie.
One of the, the main actors, we were convinced, I think, was coming down from, like, a heroin high.
Oh yeah.
He was scratching his face.
We decided they gave him his fix between takes.
That was his inspiration to keep going
See, the thing is, though, I mean, if you’re paying thousands of dollars to go into V-World, why would you want to have sex with an ugly prostitute?
You can do that in the real world for less money.If you’re going into veal, V-World, I want to have sex with 1980s Cindy Crawford
Cindy Crawford?
Cindy Crawford.
For a second I thought you s-, you were talking about, uh Cyndi Lauper.
I just pictured her saying girls DON’T want to have fun”
That’s a running thing through this movie is, a song will play in its entirety, and end, and then just, another song will start playing?
And it’s all inappropriate heavy metal music.
Yeah, it keeps going.
Constant, no matter what’s happening, they could be having a quiet conversation at a table.
Do you hear something?
Whatever, let’s just continue our mundane conversation.
Ok.
Oh my god.
It’s not even plugged in!
Well.
Are we done with V-World Matrix?
I think we’re done with V-World Matrix, are you su, are you sure you want to be done with V-World Matrix, because you know what’s coming after V-World Matrix
Yeah...I’m gonna go get five more drinks.
I don’t think five’s gonna cover it.
Alright, so our next movie tonight, is, uh, The Amazing...
The Incredible Bulk.
.The Amazing Bulk.
The Amazing Bulk.
I’m sorry, he...got it wrong.
What happened to the city?
Oh no, they gave up!
The opening credits are in comic sans.
Was that supposed to be funny?
Well, here, here’s a question: they used comic sans.
Yeah.
Is it because they scrolled through their list of fonts...
They found comic sans.
...and saw something that said comic on it?
Yeah.
That would be my guess.
Are they THAT clueless?
I, I’m convinced that they just did not know.
They’re setting the tone.
All I can say is that I’m glad they put that behind the scenes footage on the DVD, because now I have this green screen footage that I can just superimpose in front of anything.
What’s that?
Oh, there they go.
Huh.
This, it’s like, okay, was he trying to do a stylized thing like Sin City and failed?
Was he trying to make the next Birdemic intentionally...trying to make a, a The Room, you know...
Yeah.
...type-movie.
Were they doing a cheap cash-grab like, uh, The Asylum, like a movie like that?
Like, well, we’ll, we’ll whip it up in 15 minutes and we’ll put this cover on it, we’ll sell it around the same time The Incredible Hulk comes out, make some money and move on.
Or was the director just delusional?
That’s, that’s the big question and that’s the question that we, like...grappled with the whole time, and that was, just, it was tearing us apart, Lisa.
The answer is yes.
...Which one?
How does their general economy work?
Yeah, you know, the people...like, who farms and yeah, how...
Whoever has the biggest dick gets to eat the goat.
Most of the people in Crazy Town are old people, so you get to watch your gymnast hero, uh, beat up the elderly.
Yeah, beat up that old man!
Beat him more than necessary.
Keep hitting em!
That’s what was the most shocking, was that I really thought V-World Matrix would just be the worst thing that we watched today...and it turned out to be...the second worst thing that we watched today.
I am very glad you phrased it that way.
