Jan 29, 2014
Robo-C.H.I.C., Alien Seed, and Yor: The Hunter from the Future
youtube.com/watch?v=Hb_VwaOT4QQ
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/428717630346645504
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-robo-c-h-i-c-alien-seed-and-yor-the-hunter-from-the-future

Jay: Ah, fuck, it's cold!
Josh: Oh, my joints are frozen.
Jay: Oh. Shit. So, Josh, it's really fucking cold in Wisconsin right now, uhh, what, what, what's the temperature?
Josh: Oh.
Jay: What the hell are we doing out here?
Josh: I don't even know anymore.
Jay: Well, we gotta get our movies. We're gonna take our minds off of all this, by watching some, uh, otherworldly movies, some sci-fi films.
Josh: Oh.
Jay: Uh, so the first movie we have here is. Robo-Chick. Although, technically it's Robo-Chic, but I think it's supposed to be chick.  The perfect woman is not the perfect weapon
Josh: Oh.
Jay: A madman is holding the world hostage for a billion dollars!
Josh: Wow! That's a lot of money.
Jay: Ugh, chaos and violence rule the streets. Enter Robo-C.H.I.C.
Josh: Thank god.
Jay: A Computerized Humanoid Intelligent Clone, that's the chick, an unstoppable killing machine packed into one of the hottest bodies around. The ultimate crime fighter, she's faster than a laser beam, more powerful than an atom bomb, and able to wipe out ten men with a single blast from her ion shooting orbs.
Josh: I wonder what that could mean!
Jay: The challenge: can this bodacious bombshell wipe out the bad guys, save the world, fall in love, and get her hair done all in the same day?
Josh: Oh, nooo.
Jay: So this is a--a over-the-course-of-one-day movie like, uh, uh, Dazed and Confused, OR! It keeps going. There's so many things going on in this film
Josh: Oh, god.
Jay: Or will the vicious scum take over the Earth and get all of the great-looking babes?
Josh: Oh my god, let's go watch this fucking movie.
Jay: Holy shit!
Josh: It's cold out here, we could be watching Robo-C.H.I.C.
Jack: So that's the associate producer right there?
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: Yup.
Jay: That's both the associate producers.
Jack: Damn, dog!
Jay: That was a boob joke! They're not even trying anymore!
Jack: Ohhhh. Beer makes everything better.
Jay: She hasn't given up. We got ten minutes to shoot this scene. We don't need choreography, just walk up to 'em and--
Mike: Slightly push them away.
Jay: Slightly push them out of the shot!
Jay: Well, let's see what else we can find in here.
Josh: Okay.
Jay: Oh, wonderful! Uh, this is Alien Seed!
Josh: Oh!
Jay: Which, the trailer for this played before Elves and we immediately had to get it.
Josh: Wow! It stars Erik Estrada!
Jay: Yes.
Josh: Alien Seed, they invaded the planet and violated our women!
Jay: Oh no!
Josh: Can the Alien Invasion be stopped?! question mark, exclamation point. From an ancient prophecy...to an alien conception, the future of the world lies within an unborn child. Mary Jord-on, an innocent eighteen-year old student, finds herself unexplainably impregnated after being dra-- no wait, after a mysterious eleven hour disappearance in the country. Investigations uncover a complex to deliver a messiah to save the Earth from mankind's corruption. This is The Abyss. Uh, MJ-12, a secret government agency studying UFOs, wants to kidnap Mary and control the child for their own purposes. Well, duh. But Dr.Stone (Erik Estrada) wants the child dead! At any cost!
Jay: So Erik Estrada is the protagonist but he wants to kill a child?
Josh: Yeah!
Jay: Ok. I'm on board for that.
Josh: Alright. When Mary turns up brutally murdered. Spoilers! Her sister Lisa vows revenge, only to find herself the new target for the alien conception.
Jay: Sounds horribly complicated.
Josh: I wou-, I think we're gonna get a lot of aliens raping chicks.
Jay: Oh.
Josh: In this movie. And Erik Estrada's teeth.
Jay: Alien Seed.
Jack: Let's go! What are you still doing out here?
Josh: No, wait!
Rich: Oh, my god. Someone pulled up next to me! Wait, they stopped because they hit some empty cardboard boxes?
Jay: I wonder what else is in store for our future.
Josh: I don't know, let me dig around in there for a minute.
Jay: Okay. Ah, fuck! Please hurry.
Josh: Oh! It's Yor!
Jay: It's mine?
Josh: No, that's, that would be yours.
Jay: Oh. Uh, this is YoRich: The Hunter from the Future. Although, he looks like a barbarian from the past. In a primitive land of huge, lumbering reptiles, fierce cave-dwellers, and ancient mystery, Yor, the mighty warrior, sets out on a quest to learn the truth of his own identity. This spectacular fantasy adventure takes place in a time warp where the past and the future mysteriously collide
Josh: Well, see, that explains everything.
Jay: Yeah. Uh, blending stone age brawn with dazzling technology. Dazzling!
Josh: Dazzling.
Jay: Yor, played by Reb Brown, has mastered his primitive planet, but somehow he knows he does not belong. The only clue to these fleeting memories of another time and place in his gol-...what?
Josh: What?
Jay: The only clue to his fleeting memories of another time and place is his gold medallion, a burnished bronze symbol of Heaven's fire.
Josh: Is it bronze or gold?
Jay: It's bronze.
Josh: But it's gold?
Jay: Oh, yeah. Roa, the priestess in the forbidden land... Uh, forbidden land. Tells Yor that, this is going on forever.
Josh: Oh, my god.
Jay: Tells Yor that his answers lie in a fleeting island across the sea.
Josh: Augh!
Jay: A land where time and technology are paradoxically reversed.
Josh: What!
Jay: Haven't they already explained this to us?
Josh: It happens again!
Jay: It happens again?! There, the secret of Yor's ancestry-- fuck this, I'm cold! Let's go in.
Jessi: What if he just said Yor fucked!
Jay: Oh no, what has he done to that stick?
Jack: That's what we do here in the future,  we sell dildos.
Josh: Cathy Shower is Robo-CHIC, now, there were two Robo-CHICs...in the movie.
Mike: Right off the bat it's wrong. 
Jay: Right off the bat it's wrong.
Josh: Right at the top.
Jay: The first thing we, yeah, we were watching the movie and--who noticed it? At first? We were like, is that the same woman?
Josh: Uhhh I think it was Jack.
Man: Get down!
Jack: No, look, that's a different person!
Jay: Is it? No.
Jack: Look at her!
Jessi: Yep.
Mike: The only part that's not a machine is the wig.
Rich: The perfect weapon is a small elf that stabs you in the crotch.
Jack: It looks like they're gangbanging someone.
Rich: If you're gonna tack on the C, can't you also tack on a K?
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: No.
Jay: That sums up this whole movie, actually, like...
Josh: Couldn't you have?
Mike: Couldn't you have taken another step to make it a little better?
Rich: You know, she--she might not be as strong as an atom bomb, but she did hold her hand under that table while the forklift lifted it up.
Jay: And...is--this is the first movie that we gave up on, I think? Everybody just kinda left the room at some point. Some of us left the room and gave up, others developed stockholm syndrome, where we just started laughing because there was nothing else to do
Rich: There was like--there was like, three good scenes in a row and we thought things were turning around. But this movie actually made us miserable.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: It wasn't--it wasn't boring, it should be pointed out, it wasn't boring, it was misery.
Jay: Ohh, yeah, Burt Ward is in this movie.
Josh: Aughh.
Jay: Because Burt Ward...needed to pay his rent that month?
Mike: Jay, Jay, our audience was born in 1999, who--who's Burt Ward?
Jay: Burt Ward was the original Robin.
Rich: In the 1960s Batman.
Jay: In the 1960s Batman.
Josh: The original television actor Robin.
Jay: People know who Burt Ward is.
Mike: They--no, no one knows who Bort Ward is by name.
Jay: No one knows who Bort Ward is cuz Bort Ward isn't a person.
Josh: Guys...what if Batman saved Robin before they got in the car?
Jay: What?
Josh: Get in the car?
Mike: Where do you come up with these jokes?
Josh: Ah, I've got my writers...
Rich: This movie is so bad it made me feel sorry for Burt Ward.
Mike: Well that's an interesting element of this movie, was, it's like a--like, just--a bunch of shit smashed together. There's numerous, uh, types of production values? 
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: There's like, the--there's the handheld....like, we're in the news station stuff--that--that is this movie, right?
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Fuck this so hard!
Mike: You know it's bad when it's a low rent Xtro.
Rich: The slow-speed chases, you're saying that's care?
Mike: Give *this* guy all the dialogue.
Rich: How about that acting?
Josh: How about *everyone's* acting, in that whole fucking movie.
Jay: Him--him especially, though.
Rich: Let's give *him* the imaginary Academy award for that.
Jay: My favorite part involving that character was when they were interrogating him and they punched him so hard that his shirt ripped apart.
Rich: You call it Alien Seed and you don't have any aliens in the movie because you want to sell this to somebody who likes science fiction so you--
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Alien Seed on the box, you have a picture of an alien, and then they watch this movie, it's just some guy driving around a fucking parking lot.
Mike: Was this the movie with the--the, like, the drugged-out women and the guy in the--was that Robo--
Jay: That was Robo-CHIC, Mike.
Mike: My--my brain no longer retains the memory of these movies.
Josh: You know what? That's--
Mike: It's just a blur.
Josh: That's your body fighting it.
Mike: Yeah. It's like my immune system is fighting off these movies? Don't form any new memories! You've have--you've had enough!
Jay: Do you really wanna think about Robo-CHIC for the rest of your life?
Josh: No, god, no!
Mike: It's like I've never seen 'em.
Rich: The little brain goblins are just ripping apart the connections. Hurry! We have to stop this!
Jay: Why does he keep doing this to himself?
Rich: Yor is about a bunch of people who run around in loincloths...and some of them are painted purple. And then they fight Skeletor. Here, back to you, Mike.
Mike: The, the Emperor Vader
Jay: Em-, Emperor Vader.
Rich: Emperor-Vader Skeletor?
Jay: And his Spaceballs minions.
Rich: Skele--Skele--Skelevader? It's, it's, it's ok, it's a fine movie, it's not terrible, but it's, it's no piecemaster.
Jay: Everybody wants to fuck Yor in this movie.
Rich: Yes!
Josh: That's, well, yeah.
Jay: That's the point of the movie.
Mike: Is,was that the shot where he's walking around him in a circle?
Rich: That was--
Jay: That was Alien Seed, Mike.
Mike: Whatever. They're all the same to me now.
Jack: They, the whole thing was the rebel spaceship.
Josh: Okay.
Mike: Oh, yeah, the--the resistance movement against Emperor Devader.
Jack: They shot down the spaceship, Yor...then Yor.
Mike: Ohhh I, you lost me. Planet of the Apes meets Star Trek meets Star Wars meets He-Man...meets...
Josh: Definitely He-...
Mike: The dumpster.
