Jul 3, 2014
Ghetto Blaster, Terror in Beverly Hills, Killing American Style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AND1YZSp6YI
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/484931732438020096
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10152233194852634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-ghetto-blaster-terror-in-beverly-hills-and-killing-american-style

Oh.
Jesus Christ.
Oh!
Oh, hey Colin, what are you doing back?
I never left..
Yeah.
I'm not looking forward to seeing Robo-CHIC.
Oh, noooo!
Hmm.
That's weird, I don't remember any of that.
Hey, who's that guy?
I'm Jim.
I'm also a visual effects artist from Canada.
Jay!
The Canadian visual effects artists are multiplying again!
Goddammit.
What are you guys looking at?
Well, Colin, since you're still in America, I can think of no better thing to do than to watch three American action movies.
Sounds good.
If the cops won't stop the gangs, he will and, uh...
Who's he?
Well, this guy that's out of focus on the front cover of the...
Ohhh.
Of the VHS.
Is he holding a muffler?
I don't know what he's holding.
Um.
And then yeah, random gang members are just cut out from stills of the film, t- truly a terrible cover...
Yeah.
Um, hopefully the film is terrible as well.
Yeah.
Well, it is in the action genre, so I think that's perfect, and 4.99 though, it's pretty good.
$4.99, yeah.
And, uh, street gangs have turned a peaceful community into a war zone.
Automatic gunfire rips through the night.
Innocent victims are mowed down in drive-by shootings and the cops say they're powerless to stop the assault.
Well, so what's the problem?
We, this neighborhood has a new power.
Uh, the gang's rule is over, a Special Forces Vietnam Vet has just declared war.
Ok, so this is like, um...The Exterminator with uh, uh, a boombox.
Yes.
Okay.
In the video, in, youtube video, the trailer, he does use a ghetto blaster as a weapon.
No shit.
Yes.
"With you here now, I know we can turn this thing around."
"You know what?"
"We had the same argument three years ago."
"But I thought th--"
What?
Uh, d-, b-...
D-, b-, d-, b-...
That's the only take we got.
Just kill the father so we can start killing people with a boombox.
Let's get this on with, c'mon.
"You looking for something, old man?"
"What are you doing to my cat?"
"What are you doing to my cat?"
Yeah!
Oh, no!
Hi, Rich Evans.
Hello, Jim.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
There's a movie here called Terror in Beverly Hills, starring Stallone.
That, that name sounds familiar.
Stallone.
You want to hear about the movie?
No.
It sounds terror-ible.
I, I don't get it.
Terror in Beverly Hills.
When the president's daughter is kidnapped, it's up to an ex-marine to save her.
The problem is that the terrorist leader has a lingering hatred for him, as he has been wrongfully blamed for the death of his wife and children.
The action heats up, though, as the two mortal enemies confront each other with extreme violence.
"Can I help you gentlemen?"
Oh, what?
Why would she come out?
Yeah.
Oh!
I hear gunshots.
Let me investigate.
"The bullet went clean through his shoulder."
"He'll be all right for now, but he'd be better off in a hospit-"
"Shut up."
"Okay."
"Ready to die for what they believe in."
"Huh?"
"I told the president yesterday, I felt if we gave in to those terrorists, that those boys would try to run the whole show."
"Yeah, and do away with our--"
Oh, my god.
He's so great.
Well, our final film tonight is the highly anticipated Killing American Style.
I wonder if that's a prequel to Killing Canadian Style.
How do you kill Canadian style?
With kindness.
Actually, the reason why we're excited about this film is that it's the long lost film, from the director of...Hollywood Cop.
All right.
Samurai Cop.
Ohhh.
And now we have this, which I'm assuming was originally titled, uh, Killing American Style Cop.
Let's round out the cop trilogy.
Yes, yes.
This was recently released, uh, I don't think anybody has seen it.
I don't even know if anybody saw it when it came out, but there are all kinds of killings no punctuation, ok there are all kinds of killings the best is American style.
Starring Jim Brown, and Robert Z'Dar.
Sweet!
And the guy that is not the Samurai Cop guy.
Uhh.
It looks just like him.
But they're reusing his wig, I think.
Andrew Martin from Facebook says raping, robbing, kidnapping, killing.
The action continues.
Okay.
I love that guy's reviews.
On Facebook.
Andrew from Facebook?
Yeah.
Yep.
A gang of hot-headed brutes, led by Tony Stone -- Robert Z'Dar -- a sexual sadist John Lynch...himself?
I don't think you'd wanna know, be known as the sexual sadist.
What is he, a sa-, is he a sexual sadist in real life?
That's what they're implying, I think.
Wow.
And sexual sadist John Lynch -- himself -- execute a robbery with some inside help.
A bloody shootout with the LAPD ensues and the criminals are apprehended.
After a brief stint in the slammer, the gang escapes a prison bus with the help of Tony's brother, Jesse, who is critically wounded in the process.
He needs a doctor, fast.
A hospital v-, what?
A hospital visit too risky...they seek out other options.
So this...
Is that the whole fucking plot?
There's more!
Oh, my god!
There's so much more!
Uh, now on the run, they commandeer a palatial residence, taking hostages.
All-American good guy, John Morgan, some guy from Rambo 3, returns home...
Returns home from where?
Becoming a pawn.
What the hell is happening in this movie?
How does it end?
Sent out to retrieve the doctor...
Uh, oh, my god, I don't want to read this any more.
It's gonna spoil the movie.
All too aware they will face systematic execution when his usefulness expires, Morgan's killer instinct takes over.
He now must outwit and outgun the would-be thieves, American style.
Or his family may not live to see another day.
I'm fucking exhausted.
Oh, my god almighty.
"Why don't you give me a little kiss?"
"You want a kiss?"
"No, no!"
So awkward.
Oh, no.
The doctor's convulsing on her.
What the fuck was that?
Dr. Fuji.
The mom's horrified, and just, the kid's like...
Oh.
What?
The fuck's...
You're dead.
You're dead now.
Stay still.
"What do you guys want?"
"These must be the guys that the radio was talking about."
"Shut up."
"You shut up."
This is like watching something made on another planet.
Well, uh, we watched three classic American action movies this week.
Uh, how quickly do you guys want to get back to Canada now?
Yeah, I think if this is all you have to offer, uh...
Yeah.
I'm gonna change my flight tonight, and, uh, head back.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
End of discussion!
Alright everybody, I hope you enjoyed watching this episode.
Uh, please like us on Facebook.
Uh, so the first movie we watched was Ghetto Blaster, from 1989, right?
Yeah.
Does that sound right?
And, Colin, this was your find.
Oh.
We're putting the blame for this one on you.
So why don't you explain what happens in Ghetto Blaster.
Okay, first off, I have to give you a big Canadian sorry for this.
Because, uh, I sent this down to you guys, and, uh, the trailer looked amazing, I have to say.
And, like, you can understand why, because, you know, you need to distill this movie down to say, like, a few minutes.
It's got everything that should be good.
So, plot-wise, like, what is it?
It's Richard Hatch, comes back to his old neighborhood, I guess.
He's been away for a while.
Um, and the neighborhood, we've, many times are told has changed.
The neighborhood has changed.
"Things have changed since you've been here."
"And you told me things have changed around here, right?"
"This neighborhood is going down the toilet."
"And, be careful out there."
"Ma, this is my old neighborhood, all right?"
"No, it's not, Travis."
Oh.
Okay, ma, we get it.
Oh, that's terrible.
Oh, no.
With the same pop music playing over it.
So, I wanna bring up a movie that we watched recently, Lethal Ninja, because there are a lot of parallels.
Lethal Ninja's about a crime-ridden town, and there's a vigilante that cleans it up.
But our complaint in Lethal Ninja, if you'll remember, is they don't do anything to establish the fact that there's crime in the city.
Right.
Now we get to Ghetto Blaster, and it's the exact fucking opposite thing.
The first 45 minutes of this movie are nothing but "This city is so full of crime now."
And nothing happens while they're explaining this, over and over and over again.
The characters literally pop into the scene just to say that.
They say, "This city's gone downhill, byeeee."
See ya.
Neighborhood's not the same as it used to be.
Have I told you about the neighborhood yet?
Years ago this neighborhood wasn't as bad as it is now, but now it's bad.
Do you want some watermelon?
It takes a lot for him to actually, like, uh, get into revenge mode.
Yeah.
Like, he's pushed quite a bit.
It got to the point where it was just, like, fucking do something, like, it's just not...
Well, you know what the funny thing is, though, his dad dies, right?
Yeah.
That doesn't push him into revenge.
When his dad dies, he's like, "Fuck, I gotta take care of all these bills now."
You need that, that, you need that catalyst.
YOu need that character.
Like, oh, the dad dies.
Now he's gonna take action.
But then he doesn't do anything.
No, he doesn't--
And then his, his new best friend, the old black man with the shotgun dies--
"What are you doing to my cat?"
"What are you doing to my cat?"
And his cat gets set on fire, and he, and that's finally, he says, "Oh, two people are dead
Richard Hatch is basically like the Wile E. Coyote?
I love how it was so ineffectual, the guy had it like, on his shoulder right next to his head and it exploded, and like...
Just kind of fall over.
Did nothing to him.
In the trailer, you get the, you get the sense that, ghetto blaster's the big weapon that he's created, and that, you know, he goes around attacking people with the ghetto blaster and that's not true at all, and it only lasts like a minute, and that's really...
And it's in a montage.
Mm-mhm.
Cuz then all you're left with, sorry, all you're left with in the end is Richard Hatch.
So we got a clown on a motorbike being chased by thugs, and it's the most boring fucking thing ever.
Sounds like it could be made, anybody escapes by jumping over a teeter totter...over a fence.
Let's talk about the end of the movie because I don't like anything in the movie and I want to be done talking about it.
How about, how about that explosion?
And I think, actually, on set they were probably surpri...surprised by how big it was, like that was just massive.
And it's like there was one big explosion here, and then there's one really close.
Oh, my god, there's a chain reaction starting!
Yeah, and it was, it was massive, I mean it was like bordering on, um, what's that, um, Arnold Schwarzenegger film called?
Ugh I can't remember.
Junior?
And then where do the, where do the terrorists get away to?
Where's their hideout?
The old bean factory.
The old bean factory.
Yeah.
Which is never given an address?
No!
It's just the old bean factory and apparently all the cops know where this is.
There's only one of them.
How do we know this?
How do we know there's only one old bean factory?
It's the old...
How many old bean factories are there, Jay?
But is it the oldest bean factory?
There was, there was only one bean factory until the great bean factory boom of 1972.
There's, there's like 5 or 6 new ones.
She, she looks like keyboard cat.
They can't show anything else because someone's doing laundry on the other side of the basement.
You know what the best part of that scene is, though?
When the camera starts dollying away, right?
You see on the President's desk...there's, there's a ceramic seagull!
They couldn't find a bald eagle so there's this ceramic seagull sitting on the desk of the President of the United States.
Wheeee!
The suspense is boring me.
What?!
The fuck does that mean?
Was that an attempt at an action one liner?
I think so.
They don't make people like they used to?
It's a beauti, it's a beautiful movie.
A beautiful, wonderful, amazing movie and it will change your life.
Yeah.
It will change your life forever.
It certainly changed Frank Stallone's life.
And you will never look at Frank Stallone the same way again, if you've ever even looked at him before, that is, which you probably haven't because he's Frank Stallone.
Uh, Rich Evans...explain what happens in Killing American Style.
Colin?
There you go.
Wait, what was that?
I'm not sure I caught all of that.
Ohhhh, okay.
I get it.
Okay.
Like what are you doing?
Oh, that is horrible.
Who directed this film?
The guy who made Samurai Cop?
And his uncle, and his uncle and his mother are both younger than him.
Mom?
Mom?
Mom?
Maybe he was pre-dopted.
The first action scene and everybody leaves.
I know!
I like his little doctor bag.
I have like, I have like five bandaids.
Is that gonna be okay?
It's a great angle.
And then instead of telling her to get out of the tub, he like kind of awkwardly climbs on top of the tub and then he's, he kinda pulls her out, and then he humps her with his bellybutton.
Whelp.
That happened.
Okay.
Pffft.
That was thoroughly unpleasant.
They know about the hotel for money.
How?
I don't know, I don't care.
They just do.
We have to deal with that fact.
And then you look in the room, and on the wall, is, is a picture of a skeleton on a bicycle.
He didn't get shot anywhere.
He got shot in the cheek.
His face just absorbs it.
I never thought I'd say this, but I miss the charms of Matt Hannon from Samurai Cop.
So, would you say this is Amir Chevron's uh, Last Temptation of Christ?
I don't understand what that means.
I know that movie, but that's a good movie.
Yeah, well it was controversial and...people hated it, because it made them sick, the content, saying bad things about, ah, whatever.
Did it have a man with a perm mullet in it?
Did Jesus just have a perm mullet in The Last Temptation of Christ?
Almost.
Rich, can you just think about the fact that you just compared Killing American Style to The Last Temptation of Christ?
Just think about that.
I'm so ashamed.
Oh,my Lord.
I'm so ashamed.
