Dec 18, 2014
Wheel of the Worst #7 - Ice Dams: Causes, Combats, and Cures, Kids And Airbags, How to Become a Teenage Ninja, Dog Sitter VHS
youtube.com/watch?v=wZFuyATj5EI
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/545804535600799744
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-7

Freddie: Finally, the Horse Ninja comic I was looking for.
Mike: Comic artist Freddie Williams? What are YOU doing here?
Freddie: Uh, I’m definitely not here to steal your Horse Ninja comic book idea...and pass it off as my own...and Marvel’s definitely not interested in publishing it for me.
Mike: Well, let’s see what’s on the Wheel today!
Intro NarratoRich: It’s now time to spin the Wheel of the Worst!
Mike: Well, Freddie, while you’re here, uh, we might as well spin the Wheel of the Worst and uh, pick some, pick some terrible videos to watch.
Freddie: I’m looking forward to it, a little.
Mike: Oh...yeah, I’m not, I’m not, but let’s see what’s on the Wheel today, um...our first video is called Dog Sitter VHS...uh, that’s part of the title, Dog Sitter VHS 
Freddie: About a guy who sits like a dog, right?
Mike: Uh, I hope so.
Freddie: A dog sitter.
Mike: Uh, I don’t think so, I think it’s going to be something you put on your TV that your dogs will watch. Like, they’re watching a raccoon porno? And, uh...there’s a dog with a nurse’s hat on. What’s next on the Wheel?
Freddie: It’s Laugh: Jest for the Health Of It!
Mike: Jest.
Freddie: Jest for the Health Of It. Uh, with Patty Wooten, RN. And she has a Mirth Aid Kit.
Mike: Um, yes, I’m very familiar with this video, it was on the Wheel last time. I hated it. I haven’t seen it, but I hate it. I hate Patty Wooten and I hope she gets ebola. Our next video is Software Made Easy, Four-in-one computer video. Featuring Windows 95, which actually operates more efficiently with today’s software than Windows 8 does...uh, Wordperfect and something called Lotus 123
Freddie: I’m surprised it has such a futuristic version of Windows, ‘cause now, only on number 8, this is all the way to 95
Mike: That’s right, that’s right.
Freddie: Next we have Kid Sand Airbags.
Mike: Wh-, y-, yeah, yeah...that sounds pretty painful, um...whoever typed this up didn’t do a very good job, uh, and really, there should be a whole lot more blood in that car accident.
Freddie: Oh, geez.
Mike: Cat Sitter...I hour VHS, forbidden in the USA..oh, featured in USA Today, the Wall Street Journal, and The Daily Show, Go Cat Video. This is suspiciously similar to Dog Sitter, which is made by Go Dog Video. Is it a coincidence? Don’t know
Freddie: Sounds like conspiracy.
Mike: I think this is just bullshit, Two paws up, Cat’s Magazine there is no such thing as Cat’s Magazine, that’s bullshit...uh, complete with the sights and sounds of nature and so, again, I hope to fucking god we don’t land on either of these
Freddie: This cat looks terrified.
Mike: What’s next, Freddie?
Freddie: It is How to Become a Teenage Ninja.
Mike: Hmm.
Freddie: Discover the secrets of ninja power. I don’t know if we should have this on such a public forum, it’s secret.
Mike: Yeah, I wouldn’t want a bunch of teenagers kicking my fucking ass. This clearly was ripping off the success of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I’m assuming.
Freddie: Turtles?
Mike: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, have you ever?
Freddie: Oh, no...I thought it had something to do with like.
Mike: It’s that new Michael Bay movie.
Freddie: Ohhh, I love Michael Bay.
Mike: Right, right, uh, discover the secrets of ninja power yeah, this is like, some BS that somebody ripped up, to cash in off that craze. It’s a bunch of junk, all this shit is junk. These are why...this is why God invented dumpsters, it’s for all this shit right here.
Freddie: Well, what’s next, on the Wheel?
Mike: Uh, Farm Safety Family Style 13:43.
Freddie: Oh. Ok...uh.
Mike: I, All I can hope is that they recreate horrible farm accidents. That’s, that’s the only thing we can hope for in Farm Safety, but since it says “family style, it might only be children getting their eyes pecked out by chickens.
Freddie: Uh, Ice Dams...what? Uh..causes, com-, what? Causes combats and cures. Causes combats...and cures, does that mean that it causes the combats and the cures?
Mike: There should really be a comma there.
Freddie: Uh, yes, but it’s brought to us by the fine people at, uh, Liberty Mutual?
Mike: Ohhh.
Freddie: It’s above reproach.
Mike: Yes, they’re trying to decrease liability insurance claims.
Jessi: The cameraman has...has problems. How are you supposed to put anything in your attic when you have isolation thrown all over the place?
Josh: You’re not supposed to put anything in your attic.
Jay: What do you want, storage space or no icicles?
Freddie: You got it all wrong, they were storing the insulation.
Jay and Jessi: Ohh!
Josh: That’s very clever.
Mike: This was shot over a year. This is like the Boyhood of ice dam videos.
Josh: Goddammit.
Mike: Except it’s much more emotional.
Rich: Freddie, you’re never allowed to spin the Wheel again!
Rich: Yes! Yes!
Josh: We’ll be back in six minutes!
Rich: Narrowly avoided disaster! My god, they turned into dummies!
Jessi: Is it over yet?
Mike: He seems like a, like a real wild guy.
Freddie: Look at him wildly gesticulating with that hand. Oh, my gosh.
Jessi: Do you think he lost the other one in a kid sand airbag accident?
Jay: Ow...fuck...was that Josh?
Rich: What are you talking about? You spun the Wheel so hard you fell over
Jay: Oh, my god.
Rich: Yay!
Jay: How to Be a Teenage Ninja?
Rich: All right!
Jay: Can’t wait!
Rich: Another bullet dodged.
Jay: Tales from Genesse Space? No...? Okay.
Rich: Look at this authentic white ninja.
Josh: He seems to have balance issues.
Jay: Alright, Rich, I replayed the footage of the last Wheel spin, I played it back in slow motion multiple times, and I am 75% sure I did not spin this Wheel.
Rich: I, uh, looked like a legitimate spin to me.
Jay: I think the only way to solve this is to just do another spin. We’ve watched three videos, and they’re less than the length of one episode of Law and Order, so let’s, let’s just do another spin and see what happens.
Rich: That means, we might, we, we, mi-, might have to watch Eeeeeeeeeeeee...
Rich: Noo-o-o-o!
Jay: Yes!
Josh: Goddammit!
Rich: Noo-o-o!
Jay: Come on, Rich, let’s go!
Josh: Why is there a pillow there?
Rich: He’s still sitting on the floor with a perfectly good shirt on.
Jay: He has to put the pillow there to hide his erection.
Josh: Getting tired of this crap.
Jay: This automatically makes this better than anything else we’ve watched tonight. This is produced by Liberty Mutual. So, Mike, explain Ice Dams: Causes, Cumbats, and Cures in detail, it’s a very extensive video.
Mike: I’d rather not, um...
Jay: Ok, then I guess we’re done.
Rich: I’d rather have watched Ice Dam Truckers. Nothing? If you’ve seen this girl. Dial the number at the bottom of the screen. Her parents miss her very much.
Mike: She was last seen videotaped by a creeper.
Rich: The one thing I wanted out of that video, see just one icicle fall and hit some kid in the head.
Mike: Why is it...
Rich: That’s all I wanted, because it, because it’s funnier.
Freddie: Because, it’s proportionate, the longer life that they have to live with less eye, then that’s, somehow, it increases the funny.
Mike: That’s kind of twisted.
Freddie: I wish we had bought boredom insurance.
Mike: Mm-hmm! Hey, hey.
Rich: Bring out, bring out the slide whistle for that one.
Jay: Hey, it’s somethin’. It’s all we got, it’s all we got with Ice Dams .
Mike: There is one human in the whole video and it was a guy who co-, climbed into an attic, looked around at the insulation and left. Um...we hoped he would’ve try to eat the insulation.
Jay: Or roll around in it.
Mike: Yeah.
Freddie: To be fair, we don’t know what happened once they cut away.
Mike: Maybe he was, uh, like, a weirdo who thought it was edible? And turned into a sa...a hospital safety video? Where they’re trying to remove pounds of insulation from his colon...tearing his insides apart, and he’s bleeding out of his rectum?
Jay: That’s the sequel video.
Jessi: What’s happening now? It’s like a disco. It’s like a party.
Freddie: There’s something tropical fish-like about this.
Rich: That’s all we got.
Jay: That’s all we got, folks!
Mike: Yeah, um, um...
Jay: Is this the first video where we have nothing to work with?
Rich: No, that’s not true.
Freddie: The Dunkin’ Donuts finishing videos were...
Jay: I think we had more with that, we talked about Bob Rosenberg fucking the donuts , like, that alone...but there’s really nothing with Ice Dams.
Mike: I just had an image of a kid on the beach, like, building a sandcastle, and then an airbag exploding.
Rich: Yeah, they do have a nice little opening sequence, though, with a family that goes out for a drive.
Jay: Yeah. That set us up for, like, oh, this is gonna be great.
Rich: This is gonna be great, and they load their kids in the airbags, they’re driving, they’re not paying enough attention to the road
Freddie: They load their kids in the airbags and they’re shot out of the car?
Mike: You mean they load their kids in the car seats.
Rich: Yeah, whatever. Puffy the Airbag Bear?
Mike: I will fuck up your face! We didn’t need that, this...
Rich: I get large extremely fast!
Mike: Puffy the Airbag Bear.
Jay: Why bear? Why is the airbag a bear?
Rich: Because they’re usually bears, aren’t they? Mascots? There’s never, like, a snake. I’m Puffy the Airbag Snake.
Mike: Kids usually aren’t fans of snakes.
Jay: But the way you made it, it sounded like it was a personified airbag...and if it was a personified airbag, it would not also be a bear.
Rich: I’m actually picturing like, a hybrid airbag/bear, like a bear made out of inflated airbags.
Freddie: But think about it, like, the shape of an airbag, I could see, like, little ears.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah, okay.
Mike: Are you suggesting that they make airbags with like a happy bear face on them?
Freddie: Yeah. And arms, so when it comes out it hugs the kid.
Mike: Yeah, inflatable arms that come out.
Rich: It looks adorable, horrific accident is going on outside the window and this cartoon bear jumps into your face.
Jay: The paramedics run to the rescue and they’re just like, awww.
Rich: Billy’s...Billy’s been decapitated, but there’s a charming bear airbag wrapped around his corpse.
Jay: All I can say is, it was a four-and-a-half minute video, but it felt like a four-and-a-half minute video. Those kids were horrible. They will never be ninja masters.
Rich: Those kids had, had issues, ok? They needed to learn ninjitsu, because they had, they had bullies chasing them wanting to smash their ass.
Jessi: No way am I going to get my ass bashed, is that what he said?
Jay: Maybe he said head smashed but that’s what it sounded like. That’s what I thought that at first, too.
Rich: I wanted to put you into something a little more comfortable. The video is 35 minutes long and it took him 20 minutes to film it
Josh: I’m glad they used the Full House font for this.
Jay: It’s not quite Comic Sans.
Josh: No! But it’s definitely Full House.
Rich: They wanted to be Raphael and Michelangelo, instead, they were Splinter. Why would a subliminal message work on a dog? They don’t understand words. It’d just be subliminal gibberish.
Jay: So then the rest of the video is just a series of things that I guess is supposed to hold your dog’s attention, we see birds, we see mice, and it just holds on them for a little while, but we do get to a pretty amazing sequence, which is, uh, monkeys riding dogs
Jessi: They shook hands!
Rich: That’s all you need to know.
Mike: Monkeys forcibly riding dogs.
Jay: Yes, they’re sewn to the dogs.
Mike: Against their own monkey will. The monkeys are gonna volunteer for the space program.
Rich: Look, I just move this nob and the cat goes back and forth. That is the most experimental section of the video, is when it keeps cutting back to the cats. And when the police came to the farmhouse, it was filled with thousands of copies of, of, of Dog Sitter, a, and the body of Stumpy Baldwin.
Mike: And we learn how well insulation absorbs blood and brain matter. Extra points to whoever can list all the segments.
Jay: Okay. Is it...
Mike: Who wants to take the challenge? One person...can take the challenge. Rich? 
Rich: Do they, do they have to be in order?
Mike: They don’t have to be in order, you just have to name all the segments.
Rich: Different types...Monkeys riding dogs....pig showdown, uh, mice and rocks, different type of mice and rocks.
Jay: That still counts as one.
Rich: Yeah...raccoon digs in rocks...rodent goes in and out of a grate.
Mike: That was a chipmunk.
Rich: Whatever. Bi-, birds feeding on some kind of birdfeeder things...uh, a ten round fight between a squirrel and a pair of ravens for nuts. turkeys running through a field...fake dog cam...dog looking at a TV, barking at the TV...
Jay: Does that count, there’s multiple dogs.
Mike: That’s, that’s more of an interlude.
Rich: Ok. I’m counting all the different types...
Jay: All the different types of dogs watching the TV...
Rich: You threw me off, Jay! You’re throwing me off!
Freddie: There was about a three second shot of a large cat that we’re assuming that was at a zoo or something, and it gets dangerously close to the camera, and then they don’t have any more of that, after that.
Jay: There is...a toll-free number on the back.
Mike: Ohh...why, why, I think we should call it, let’s see if it’s still in service.
Jay: Uh DIN, Do It Now Incorporated. Questions and comments, so they are encou-, they are encouraging that.
Mike: Ok, give me the number, Jay.
Jay: Okay, it’s, uh, one, bleep, four, bleep.
Mike: Oh, Rich.
Rich: Oh, Jesus Christ. Hi, my name is Dan Wilson, I’s remember used to be for a, for a video thing, I got a, I got a video from you guys, it’s called Dog Sitter, it gave me a great idea, see...I run Iowa’s largest wildlife preserve, and I want to produce a video for giraffes! Just imagine how many zoos are in this country, I, I got an idea, you see, it’s like this, we’re gonna, we’re gonna build all these platforms in downtown Manhattan and then we’re gonna walk guys around with cameras, and it’s gonna be like a, like a giraffe’s night out in Manhattan, all these platforms are gonna be fifteen feet in the air! We’re gonna put it on a DVD! And I, I, y’a’ll, I know those kids like the torrents, so I wanna bombard every DVD with solar radiation! I think that’ll create some kind of magnetron! And that’ll let everyone who tries to copy the video is like a, a beam’s gonna fly right into their eyes like Raiders of the Lost Ark! When...Hold on, they’ve come back! Let me, let me go, what’s goin’ on?! Get away from my door! Hold on, I gotta go shoot some guys! I’ll talk to you later! My name’s Don Wilson! I run Iowa’s largest wildlife preserve!
Len: I still talk to Red Letter Media sometimes...I wonder if what I’m doing is right...or wrong. I’ve seen many things that wouldn’t be believed. I have seen zombies peruse the swamps of the land, seen distaff warriors from the apocalypse...even been bound by blood to the wendigo, and now...now soon perhaps I’ll know the power of Blood Mercury..And though I’m not sure what Bite of the Mummy really means, oddly enough, it feels like a teardrop of destiny...waiting to fall. So I give pause in thinking if what I’m doing is right...or wrong. But perhaps the universe has already answered...here...in me.
