Aug 27, 2014
Shakma, Python II, Beaks: The Movie
youtube.com/watch?v=QAzZceRTmpc
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/5047964119346995210
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-shakma-python-ii-and-beaks-the-movie

Mike: What could this be? Oh, no. Looks like we have another Nukie. Did it all for the Nukie.
Jay: Hey, Mike. I have three animal movies here. Technically four, but two of them are the same movie.
Mike: Okay.
Jay: They’re animal attack films. We should watch them on Best of the Worst
Mike: Like films where people attack animals or hunting videos?
Jay: Unfortunately, no. It’s, it’s movies where animals attack humans.
Mike: Well, that’s better.
Jay: The first film we have is Shakma. Which one would you prefer that we, we watch? Which one has less words? That should be the one we watch.
Mike: This one actually has a picture of Shakma on the back, and this one just has pictures of people in an office, so let’s go with this onev
Jay: Okay.
Jay: The world’s most aggressive primate just got mad. It started as a study of human aggression, it led to medical experiments with primates...but something went wrong.
Mike: Something always goes wrong. Especially with primates.
Jay: Shakma! While Professor Sorenson and his Pre-Med students play a ‘Dungeons and Dragons’ type game in the locked medical building, oh no, Shakma The Baboon, subject of the experiments goes on a frenzied rage of destruction. A game that should take two hours make take the rest of their lives.
Mike: Wait, the Dungeons and Dragons game takes two hours? Does Shakma play Dungeons and Dragons with them...
Jay: Shakma! One hour and 41 minutes.
Mike: An hour and 41 minutes, are you fucking kidding me?
Jay: Maybe this one’s shorter.
Jessi: Um, he can go under...
Mike: He’s cute!
Rich: Oh no, I can’t fit in here!
Jay: So, Mike, what’s our next failure?
Mike: Failmure? Our next film is called Python...scratch mark, scratch markthe beast is back!
Jay: Hmm. By beast do they mean, uh, Billy Zabka?
Mike: Oh, this is apparently a sequel. Uhh...even scarier than the original. Earl Dittman, Wireless Magazine.
Jay: I’ve never heard of that magazine.
Mike: No. Two fangs up.....Steve Gildo, Ultimate DVD, two fangs down is more appropriate. Maybe that’s the review we’ll give it. Anyways, when an American cargo plane carrying a top secret, anti-personnel device is shot down over war-torn Chechnya...oh, this is very, very, uh, timely, Russian scientists are eager to investigate. But their curiosity leads to horrific death and destruction as they inadvertently unleash the most terrifying weapon the world has ever known!
Jay: Is that the snake?
Mike: Oh, yeah. A massive biogenetically enhanced python, with lightning-fast reflexes and a voracious appetite for human flesh! As the body count soars, the Americans and Russians must work together to mount one last stand against an unstoppable predator that’s tracking their every movement and getting hungrier by the minute!
Jay: It’s a giant snake.
Mike: Anyway, have you seen Python 1?
Jay: I have not seen Python 1. I’ve never heard of Python 1. I have seen Boa vs Python, though. Where a lesbian couple are in the back seat of a car, and one of them’s going down on the other, and then the giant snake comes in and grabs the girl, and the snake starts doing down on the girl and she doesn’t realize it’s the python. We should be watching that movie.
Mike: Stand by what?
Jack: Ah ha! No, no, no, it’s good joke, but please wait.
Jay: The next film we have is Beaks: The Movie. Now when we first picked this out, I was a little worried, cuz this looks like a, like a parody cover to me, like a, like a bad...
Mike: Like The Birds.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Something like that.
Jay: Um, you don’t have a wing of a prayer, but then, looking at the back, I’m wondering if this is reissued, because it says it’s unintentionally hilarious. So hopefully this is some sort of re-release, it’s making...it’s trying to build up the fact that it’s...
Mike: Are there any...
Jay: Funny.
Mike: ...Recognizable director, or...
Jay: There’s no information. Oh wait, written and directed by Rene Cardona, Jr.
Mike: Jay, can we watch all 17 tapes of Nukie in a row? Instead of watching Beaks.
Jay: Uh, we can, YOU can, uh, I won’t be around to witness that. I, I’ll be over at the titty bar, which is ironically called Beaks.
Mike: I, uh, um, I understand there’s a sequel to Beaks. Uh, directed by David Lynch, and it’s called Twin Beaks.
Jay: In this unintentionally hilarious sci-fi yuckfest, eww any movie that’s proclaimed as a yuckfest, that’s not a good sign. A glamorous and terminally pouty? TV reporter, and her horny, and terminally vain cameraman boyfriend, uh, travel the globe investigating vicious attacks by our fine-feathered friends.
Mike: Well, these, these characters they described sound so likeable.
Jay: Yeah. Vain and horny, those are our leads. These are our heroes, people. Uh, unbelievable antics ensue as these ‘talons of terror’ wreak havoc. And hilarity!
Mike: Do you think out actors are talon-ted?
Jay: That was better than what they came up with The climax, where a flock of killer pigeons, I don’t know why that’s in quotation marks, it sounds like exactly what it is.
Mike: Yeah, a killer is a killer pigeon.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: There’s no need for quotation marks.
Jay: Uhh well anyway, the climax, where a flock of killer pigeons attack a trainload of tourists is especially ‘choice.’ They like quotation marks on this. Movies don’t get much better than this!
Mike: Wh-, how do pigeons attack people, do they shit all over ‘em?
Jay: Mike, movies don’t get much better than this, the box just proclaimed that to be the case for Beaks: The Movie. The only positive about any of this is that it’s under 90 minutes.
Jack: Ok, throw birds at the car, sir, we don’t have any prop birds, I didn’t say prop birds, throw birds at the car.
Rich: Haha!
Mike: You pick up the pigeon and you throw it. Whip it as high as you fucking can!
Rich: Throw it through that plane windshield.
Mike: Sir, I don’t want to...
Jessi: Oh no!
Mike: That ended her acting career.
Jack: Shotgun.
Rich: Shotgun.
Mike: Shot the monkey .
Rich: Yes.
Jay: We didn’t watch any movies with cats in it, but we’d call these all cat-castrophes.
Rich: Well, anyway! Today, we, we have watched three animal attack movies. And the first one we watched was Rock The Shakma. Jay, would you tell everybody about Shakma?
Jay: Oh god, Shakma is 85 minutes of people wandering around uhh, the sets for a television show, and 5 minutes of a cute little baboon, uh, hopping around.
Jessi: Oh.
Jay: Awwww.
Mike: Any time I pi-, I see an animal walk on two legs, like that, I just picture Quigley pushing the chair. I wanted to see Shakma do that. It’s just...he’s adorable. Shakma has the unique ability to, mid-air, turn into a stuffed monkey.
Jack: Throw that stuffed animal at him.
Jay: Every kill is just him jumping and then cutting away.
Mike: The chicken or the egg? Which comes first? Did the filmmakers have a guy who said, hey, I got a pet baboon, then they said let’s make a horror movie with a baboon, or did someone write the worst movie ever? And say I need to find a baboon to, to put in the worst movie ever?
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: I’m, I’m thinking egg. I’m, I’m thinking this is somebody who heard that like chimpanzees and orangutans were like really ridiculously fucking strong and can rip your arm off, and he said, hey! A killer chimpanzee would make a great movie!
Mike: It’s a baboon, not a chimpanzee.
Rich: I kn-, I know it is, but when they filmed it all they could get was a baboon.
Mike: Ohhh, okay.
Rich: It’s this little tiny thing that looks really happy. And you’re really sick of those hallways by the end of it.
Jay: It’s like the same three hallways.
Rich: I’m, I’m just dying for them to go somewhere else. I wanna see Shakma, like, break free and, and run down the city streets.attack random prostitutes.
Jack: I, I have a theory about Shakma, is that it was an exercise to see what would happen if you didn’t direct your actors.
Mike: But they set up a fun Dungeons and Dragons-like quest in their...uh, hospital? Animal testing facility where they, they go around and they look for clues and they have magic keys that open doors, and blah blah blah, it’s all in a computer program.
Jay: And the winner of the game gets an underage girl.
Mike: Every time someone says something on the walkie talkie they say over at the end, in proper walkie talkie communication.
Jay: Which is just riveting in a movie.
Jack: Yeah, yeah, it’s exactly how you want people to talk, wouldn’t you agree, Rich, over?
Rich: Oh! Certainly, Jack, over. You know, you know what would have been neat?
Mike: Kudos to you, sir.
Rich: If they integrated the game into the story, like, like, the way the game worked, you needed to follow the clues to find keys, to open doors, and once chaos st-, breaks loose, they can’t open the doors unless they follow the clues and find keys, they’re, they’re playing the game while also dodging Shakma. That would’ve been fun!
Jay: Yeah, and also, Roddy McDowall is watching on the computer, he knows where people are, if he had his walkie talkies, and he said like, he figured out like, Shakma is coming up behind you, get in this room.
Rich: Right!
Jay: It, but there’s nothing. They just play the game and then Shakma attacks and then that’s the end of the game, basically
Mike: The cameraman gave Shakma a bunch of crack. And it, and it started throwing itself against the door.
Jay: Yeah. Yeah, the best is when it just starts smacking its head against the door repeatedly. Are there any memorable scenes in Shakma we should set up?
Mike: Do you remember the hallway scene? The scene in the hallway?
Jay: Oh, that was a great scene, that part when they, they come in the hallway and they look around and then they walk down to another hallway?
Mike: I liked the part...
Jay: That part was so perfectly executed.
Mike: Where they gave Shakma crack and he threw himself against the door for an hour.
Rich: But, but anyway, in the first 10 minutes of the movie they successfully capture the python, we never see them again, and then another plane the python is on crashes somewhere in Russia.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: Is that what happened?
Rich: Yes! That’s what happened.
Mike: They need to put this python on a train.
Rich: Where did the second python come from?
Jay: I think they were both in that one container...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: But we don’t know that at the time.
Rich: Okay.
Jay: That’s, that’s something you discover later in the film. Spoilers!
Rich: And then...
Jack: If you don’t want to hear Python 2 spoilers, go to this timecode right now.
Jay: Yeah, we need flashbacks to a scene that just happened.
Jessi: I can’t wait until we get a flashback of this walking.
Rich: And then after that they keep treating Billy Zab-, what was it? Zubu? Zupee? Zippoo? They keep treating him like an asshole. How dare you get us into this!
Rich: Why? You had the chance to leave! Your brother would still be alive...if you had just walked away.
Jack: Y-, you’re, you’re fee...
Rich: With the money!
Mike: Most awkward grenade throw ever.
Rich: I’m going to assume the Russian guy owns a chain of Russian dollar stores, and those were some kind of, like, cheap ceramic vases.
Mike: That he’s buying for ten thousand dollars?
Rich: There’s a lot, there’s a lot of them, you sell them for a dollar each.
Mike: Why are they.
Rich: You sell twenty thousand of them, you made a tidy profit.
Jay: And that’s the end of the movie, is them surrendering to the military.
Rich: What a du-, horrible idea.
Mike: A horrible ending to a horrible movie. They are reporters, he’s a news cameraman, she’s a news reporter, and she gets stuck with the fluff pieces.
Jack: They only got one take, guys.
Jay: She’s really gonna make it! They treat him like he’s that, that cool, you know, bird killer character, but then he just dies at his granddaughter’s birthday party.
Rich: He’s the man who was convinced that birds were attacking people, and there was something strange going on.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: And that the birds are trying to get him, yet he thinks it’s perfectly okay to have his granddaughter’s party outside of his house.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: With all the birds.
Mike: They’re all trying to get him...have the party at a Chuck E. Cheese. I mean, you can’t bring a small horse into Chuck E. Cheese.
Jay: That’s true, you can’t.
Mike: And the girl really wanted to ride around on a small horse, but, you know, you gotta make some, some cuts here.
Jack: Yeah. It’s ok to tell your grandkid no, you can’t ride the horse today, or you’ll be eaten by pigeons.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Pffft! 
Mike: There’s a good chance your eyes won’t get pecked out at Chuck E. Cheese. It’s not a guarantee, but it’s a good chance, it’s a better chance than outside my house .
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: With the attacking birds.
Mike: Where I’m, I’m, I’m a target, by all birds all over the planet.
Jack: And not only am I a target, I’m taunting them by, I keep shooting them. Which I guess I should stop, but ehhh...
Rich: Leave out, you know, leave out some birdseed and an apology note.
Mike: Are you saying that Alfred Hitchcock made a better movie than...Rene Cardona, Jr?
Jack: I’m saying Rene Cardona Jr couldn’t even steal well.
Mike: Oh.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: I’m saying this is probably not how Alfred Hitchcock wanted to influence people.
Jack: I’m saying if Alfred Hitchcock were a skinnier man, he would have the ability to roll over in his grave.
Rich: He’s trying, but he’s like, stuck? The coffin’s just kind of lurching?
Jay: Uh, this may be a controversial decision...I’m gonna go with Shakma. We were bored out of our minds while watching Shakma, but that’s the movie that is, is burned into my brain the most.
Rich: That, that’s your pick for best? 
Jay: Yes.
Rich: Oh, my god. I am Shakma'd. Wow, wow, no, Shakma’s the one I wanted to destroy.
Jay: You know what, Sh-, Shakma, Shakma’s like Gus Van Sant’s Gerry, it’s not enjoyable while you’re watching it, but when you think about it afterwards, you get what they were going for.
Jack: Arthouse fuck reference.
Mike: I don’t, I, I don’t get, I don’t get your position on this at all.
Rich: This is just...nightmarish dredge of...blahh, blahh and hallway.
Mike: Beaks: The Movie wins Best of the Worst with two and a sort-of vote, and a zero vote, right. You picked Shakma, cuz you’re stupid. Well, here we are by beautiful Lake Michigan and since Beaks was Best of the Worst, it only seems appropriate to destroy Python II...by bird attack. We’re gonna smear a whole bunch of honey on Python II, so that the birdseed we bought will stick to it. Then we’re gonna put the tape out on the beach, and hope all the seagulls will tear it to shit cuz that’s what Python II deserves: death by birds!
