Feb 28, 2014
Wheel of the Worst #4 - Kitten Kommotion, Dunkin' Donuts 1994 Fall Donut Event Finishing Video with Bob Rosenberg, The Shoji Tabuchi Show
youtube.com/watch?v=kakU6kQDmU4
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/439432830104666112
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-4

Rich: Isn't anybody gonna come and, and help me spin the Wheel? Hello? I've, I've been here for two days! It was only two days ago, Rich...stand by the Wheel, we're gonna film soon, and then I, I heard some engines starting up, some cars? Were you getting lunch? Hello?
Jessi: All right.
Rich: What?
Jessi: Let's, uh, let's get started...All right, first up is a new one, umm, uh, not quite sure how to pronounce this. Er, um, The Shoj-eye Tabuch-, chi?
Rich: So it has something to do with the Olympics? The Shoji Tabuchi Show?
Jessi: Ohh Sochi...yeah.
Rich: It gets a bronze medal from me. Next we have Dunkin' Donuts 1994 Fall Donut Event Finishing Video With Bob Rosenberg.
Jessi: That sounds great.
Rich: That sounds awesome.
Jessi: That sounds really good, now, this one is your favorite, so, uh, Florence Henderson's Looking Great, Feeling Great.
Rich: I, I think if we land on this one the little whammy's gonna come up from the bottom of the screen.
Jessi: No one's gonna understand that reference.
Rich: This, this doesn't look much better, uh, Kitten Kommotion Seven Cute, Cuddly Kittens. They Wrestle, Romp, Explore, Lounge, and Play. So it's basically YouTube.
Jessi: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Jessi: All right...next up is fan favorite, SOS.
Rich: Fan favorite?
Jessi: Yeah, this is one that we, we, we...always keep passing by and never land on it.
Rich: Oh, that's the one! Right, right.
Jessi: And everybody wants us to watch it, but...
Rich: Hopefully we'll finally land on it this time.
Jessi: I hope so.
Rich: This is the fourth episode we've done and we still haven't landed on SOS.
Jessi: I know. We need to land on it this time.
Rich: Ok. And then we have Tom Parks in Diabetes: A Positive Approach. It's very positive that you got diabetes. Right? I hope I have diabetes now, ‘cause my lifespan will be shorter and I can die sooner. What's next on the Wheel?
Jessi: Tales from Genesis Space.
Rich: I don't know what the fuck this is, but it looks amazing. And, and next on the Wheel, is my second favorite video OF ALL TIME The Art of Dining: The Business Lunch. The Complete Guide to Dining Etiquette for Corporate Go-Getters, Salespeople, Professionals, Executive Horsewives, and anyone who entertains for business or social occasions. This guide will dramatically increase your social confidence when dining or as a host or a guest. All right, homegirl, let's spin this thing!.
Jessi: All right!
Rich: Ohh.
Jessi: Oh no, let's do it again.
Rich: Oh, fuck this!
Jessi: Hold on, hold on, wait, let's do it.
Jay: Rules are rules.
Rich: No, we can't.
Jessi: Let's start it again.
Rich: We can't.
Jessi: Ok, let's just...
Rich: No
Jessi: Can we?
Rich: No, we have to...
Jay: You're wasting a spin.
Rich: Now it's gonna land on something good and we can't wa-...
Jessi: No!
Rich: We have the second spin, we're ready to go!
Mike: Ok, shut it off. This, this looks like, this doesn't look warm and cute, it looks like a, like a, like a serial killer's home video.
Jessi: It looks like a snuff film for cats .
Rich: Well, Mike. I think you can call that video a cat-tastrophe?
Mike: You ain't kitten.
Rich: You could, you could even say that that video was a piece of shit.
Mike: Owww! A fucking spark went in my eye!
Rich: Let me get the fire extinguisher!
Jay: Do you think Bob Rosenberg is happy?
Jessi: No.
Jay: He doesn't look happy.
Rich: He just doesn't care about this stupid video. He's happy when he goes home and he counts his executive money.
Jessi and Jay: He counts his donuts?
Jay: High five!
Mike: It's called the No Show-ji Tabuchi Show.
Rich: Kitten Kommotion...it's a video somebody made. The only thing in the video is that they take these poor, scared cats, and then they put them in front of a blue blackdrop, ba-, back-, then they...then they put ‘em in front of a blue backdrop and they just throw some baskets on their heads. If I was gonna have a pet, and I weren't allergic, I would have a cat.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: But I can't.
Mike: But you cat?
Rich: I'm sorry? Why did you just say cat?
Jay: Meow let's get back on track.
Mike: Meow let's get back on track? Is that what you said?
Jay: What? I said now let's get back on track.
Mike: No, you said meow let's get back on track.
Jay: I said now let's get back on cat.
Jessi: Guys, this is the purr-fect discussion.
Mike: Is there anything else to say about Kitten Kommotion? Uh, it's possibly the worst thing I've ever seen.
Jay: How many things have you said that about now, though?
Jessi: Everything
Rich: It's not the worst thing we've ever seen, but it is a kitten calamity.
Mike: That was so terrible!
Rich: He starts talking, and we're all chatting amongst ourselves, waiting for this intro to end...and then, and then Bob Rosenberg stops talking and the video's over. So we, we missed the video, when we were waiting for the video to start. What is this, a Super Bowl showing.
Jay: But then, at the end of the video, he doesn't get the new uniforms in real life, so it's sort of depressing.
Rich: You know what, though? I, I give it a 4 stars..out of 50.
Mike: Or a video about Rosenberg finishing.
Jay: It could've been happening, there was a shot...
Rich: Here's our new frosting! 
Mike: But...
Rich: Bob Rosen, his last video before being fired.
Jessi: He's just...
Rich: I've got some glaze for ya!
Jay: Time to fuck the donuts!
Rich: It was short.
Mike: It was short, but not sweet, ironically. Thank you.
Rich: And then you see these legs walking down the stairs and there's lights behind him. And then he walks to the microphone and he-ro evrybody. I'm Shoji Tabuchi.
Mike: Was he drunk, or?
Rich: I, I think he was both drunk and Engrish.
Mike: Ohh, oh.
Jay: What?
Rich: I think it was both, drunk engrish. Well, that's getting cut.
Mike: We, we were trying to figure out the angle of the audience, and, and what what the big deal with Shoji was cuz it was a fairly
large theater packed... pretty much
full of old people some of them dead
maybe lots of old white people yeah um
and and to me in my opinion the music
was very bland yes Shoji goes through
pretty much every genre of music
country-western blues polkas gospel yeah
50s rock 50s and and his shtick is that
he plays the violin which is also a
fiddle we discussed tell us we learned
through the video that they're the exact
same thing and that he has a white feel
that was made by NASA yeah that's that's
a weird thing where he gets very quiet
and tells everyone to be quiet don't
take pictures of my NASA fiddle 
yes it's very bizarre and then it goes
in the dark and we couldn't tell if he
was joking or not where's here's the
thing there's a problem that shows his
problem in general you can't tell when
he's joking yeah he doesn't have a lot
of it he's a fine fiddle slash violin
player he's very good at that uh he's
not very charismatic he comes across
awkward onstage there's one part where
he starts stuttering uncontrollably I'm
not but it's only one part it's very
weird we didn't know if he was doing a
bit or if he legitimately has a stutter
that didn't sound like a bit yeah but
then again I can't tell what this guy's
joking yeah but it's like it's like the
the NASA violin thing or a fiddle this
one was especially designed for me by
NASA he sounded dead serious we thought
he really didn't want the audience
taking pictures
well he didn't because it would have
ruined the effect yeah but
I was like like supposed to be some kind
of top-secret fiddle
when I go home is Shoji Tabuchi like a
really well-known fiddler is he is he
really like respected in that or is it
is it sort of like the novelty of it is
this Japanese man is playing all these
different genres of music with the
fiddle yeah what what does the audience
get out of it because to me it's very
bland mm-hmm it's it's not I mean I'm
not an expert in how well someone plays
a fiddle or a violin it sounded great to
me but the whole show is just very very
bland yeah there's a lot of production
value but it's all very just sort of
like yeah there's nothing super there's
no edge to it there's no everybody's 90
years old in the crowd well look at
looking at a crowd like I kept looking
at his crowd yeah since they're all 90
years old I doubt they're not there
because it's novelty him being Japanese
fiddle player I I really think they're
just looking for some nice bland
entertainment that they're familiar with
I completely agree with that
yeah maybe we were we were joking of
during the video about people there
being so old that they were dying during
the show and then at the end of the show
they would have a in memory of the
people who died during the show the
coroner's removing their bodies Andy as
a special crew every night that cleans
up the the corpses the the people of the
people that stay in their seats like you
know three hours later pick him up I
guess a it's it's not for me I don't
think it's intended for any of us
no definitely about both age and style
of music but I like Shoji you got it you
got a respect Shoji he explains you were
out of the room and you were out of the
room when he explains that he was he was
like seven years old in Japan and this
country group came from America they
were touring in Japan and he saw them in
it that's what led him into wanting to
perform country music and so he moved to
America and now he has this whole little
enterprise the Shoji enterprise he's
performing for large theaters of people
Branson Missouri he's his own dancers he
has his own backing band yeah he is the
embodiment of the American dream
absolutely
Mike: Well, I find the whole thing suspicious.
Jay: It's like Perkins food.
Mike: It's the Old Country Buffet of music, right?
Jay: Oh yeah, yeah, he introduces his, uh, his band members and one of them's from Milwaukee and we're pretty sure it's Jeffrey Dahmer
Mike: The audience is just like, silent. That's not the South!
Jay: Well, I think we all know what needs to get the axe here.
Rich: Yes.
Mike: It's unanimous.
Rich: It's very unanimous.
Jay: We don't even have to say it, yeah.
Rich: I know exactly what we need to destroy tonight.
