May 2, 2014
Ninja 3: The Domination, Ninja Warriors, Lethal Ninja
youtube.com/watch?v=ZERv4Q92vXA
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/462338457571196928
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-ninja-movies

Jay: Well, Rich, it's time for another Best of the Worst, what do you think we should watch this week?
Rich: Well, previously we had a lot of fun watching Skull Forest.
Rich: Well, Swamp--Swamp Zombies, his first one, is like an origin tale of bad. Swamp Zombies starts off semi-competent. And then steadily, by the end of the movie, it turns into a Len Kabasinski movie.
Rich: So today I think we should watch another Len Kabasinski movie. Curse of the Wolf.
Jay: What is Curse of the Wolf about?
Rich: I don't know, let's read the back of the box and find out more about this turd.
Jay: Hmm.
Rich: When the moon is full...Dakota has finally found a way to control her lycanthropic metamorphosis and desires to live a normal life. She attempts to flee the city and hide away from the pack, but the pack doesn't want her to leave and they aggressively seek out Dakota. Enlisting the aid of a shady nightclub owner. 
Jay: Uh, Rich? 
Rich: Not now, Jay, I'm trying to read the back of the box. Dakota must combat her past and...
Len: What's up? I'm Len Kabasinski.
Rich: Oh, my god! Ow, my face!
Rich: My! Face! That! Hurts! So! Much!
Len: Jack. Jess.
Jack: Uhh...
Mike: Hi Len, how are you doing?
Len: Mike! Fine! How are you?
Mike: I'm great today and you know why?
Len: Why's that?
Mike: Cuz today we're watching ninja movies! But the problem is we have nine of them.
Len: Mike. We should watch all nine. I love ninja movies.
Mike: Yeah, I'd love to watch all nine, but I'm afraid that we don't have time for that! However we do have a brand new gimmick to pick just three!
Len: Tell me more, Mike!
Mike: Now, since we've thrown the Wheel of the Worst in the dumpster, we've created a new torture device to help select three films at random! It's called the Choose n' Lose! All you do is select which face you want to punch through to reveal what tape is behind it! Now, since we have nine films and only five of us, we've covered the remaining four holes with some of history's greatest monsters! Now, Len, which face do you want to punch the most?
Len: We have...Ninja 3: The Domination.
Mike: The domination of what?
Len: Aerobic instructor Christie Ryder becomes possessed by the spirit of an evil ninja when she comes to his aid as he--after he is gunned down. Dominated by the killer's vicious and relentless rage, she sets out to brutally attack his enemies. Her boyfriend, confused by Christie's changing personality and afraid that he may be her next vis--victim, enlists the aid of Yamada, the quintessential martial-arts hero. In a life-threatening exorcism and ultimate fight to the death, Yamada proves that he is Christie's only chance for survival. Only a ninja can kill another ninja. In Ninja 3: The Domination!
Mike: Did they say something about a demonic possession? And an aerobics instructor?
Len: Yes, it does.
Mike: All in the same film?
Len: Indeed.
Mike: What else--I didn't understand a single thing on the back of that box.
Len: Well, I didn't either, but it is directed by Sam Furstenberg, who directed many ninja movies throughout the 80's.
Mike: Is that a joke or do you really know that?
Len: I really know that.
Mike: I wouldn't trust anyone named Furstenberg to direct a ninja movie.
Len: Well if you're not first, you're last.
Jay: Oh, snap!
Rich: Oh my god, it's her! We all knew that!
Jay: Look, you can see the string! Thanks, Blu-ray!
Jack: Umm, so it's time to pick another movie, why don't you punch someone else in the face?
Len: I'm gonna do just that. It's just.other than my son being born, getting married, the first punch, that was one of the most rewarding experiences in my life, I will say that much. So I need to punch another one, uh, this is a tough decision
Jack:  Uh yeah, you know, so many faces ripe for the punching There's so many really good...
Len: I think I know.
Len: We have got...Ninja Warriors. Why don't you tell us more about it, Jack?
Jack: I would love to. This is an amazing box art. Look at this, just classic cartoon ninjas like Shinobi over here. Ninja Warriors. One man faces an army of death! Cloaked in the darkness of the night, seven deadly ninja warriors penetrate the Federal Research Center and steal a top-secret document that holds the key to turning men into drooling zombies! So not only is it a ninja movie, it's a ninja zombie movie.
Len: Everybody wins.
Jack: Yes! Sadistic power-hungry master ninja Kurodo is behind sinister Project Orion.The only way for the government agents to stop him is to call in the big gun, Steve. This hard muscled bull of a man is a master ninja too. He's the government's only hope to save the world...but is there enough time left? Ninja Warriors!
Len: We will find out.
Jack: We will find out!
Len: In Ninja Warriors.
Jack: In Ninja Warriors!
Jessi: Can't we just know that they drove there?
Mike: That was the best comment ever.
Jay: Well, there's still, uh, plenty of faces to be punched? On the Choose 'n' Lose. Uh, so why don't you go ahead and--and choose another face to punch, Len.
Len: Ok. Last one, right? This...
Jay: This is the last one. We gotta go out with a bang here.
Len: I understand.
Jay: Choose wisely.
Len: I got it. I know it.
Len: Tic-tac-toe. We have Lethal Ninja.
Jay: An army of one...with a mullet?
Len: With a rebellious police chief that has no intention of going into Chinatown, the gangs there are running wild. When the mayor receives a mysterious card which says only For Hire with a phone number, he feels he has no other option. As a result he ends up hiring JD McCade to clear out the gangs. The job leads McCade to childhood friend Sonny who is working for kingpin Carmine DelVeccio. Loyalties are tested as the twists spiral to one showdown.
Jay: So the cops don't want to go into this area and they just hire one guy to do it?
Len: It appears that way.
Jay: That's a very concise description, why don't we go watch Lethal Ninja?
Len: Ey.
Jay: Are you coming? Uh, well, speaking of farts, the first movie we watched tonight was.
Len: Was Ninja 3.
Mike: He shows up, cunting down the, the ninja...
Jay: Did you say cunting down?
Mike: I may have.
Len: You did, you did say cunting down, yes.
Mike: A Freudian slip, perhaps, I don't know. And that's the theme amongst all these movies, is, it just--it didn't translate into anything. Someone's bad idea turned into a worse idea.
Jack: You know what the moral of the story is? White people ruin everything.
Rich: White people ruin karate movies.
Jack: White people.
Mike: See how easy it was?
Jessi: I'm just gonna dance all my troubles away!
Mike: Would you say she tried to exercise her demon?
Jay: No, she tried to aerobicise the demon.
Rich: Ninja Warriors is a movie that should've been called Seven Ninjas.
Rich: They, they should've just called it the MacGuffin formula.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: We need the MacGuffin formula, to make MacGuffins!
Mike: So, continue, Rich.
Rich: Uh--i--g--that's it. That's it.
Jack: So, this one. The police hire him to clean up the ninjas that are...
Mike: They're doing something.
Len: Any positives about Ninja Warriors?
Rich: I, I think it's cute when the seven ninjas are constantly shown, one after the other, doing their thing in the beginning
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Can I pass? Is this the big showdown?
Jay: No.
Jack: Maybe.
Jay: No. There's another half an hour or so.
Mike: Goddammit!
Rich: Do we wanna talk about the Ronald Reagan cameo?
Jay: Cameos? Yeah, any time they're in an official building, there's a Ronald Reagan picture, even if they couldn't find a place to put it, it's just awkwardly taped onto the chalkboard.
Mike: Rich, give us a plot synopsis of Lethal Ninja.
Rich: Ok. Lethal Ninja is about a crime-ridden city, and the judge, who was trying to clean the city up, takes a hand-written business card that says hire me, calls a guy with a perm, and the guy with the perm is going to clean up crime in the city by mildly annoying the city's criminals. He's going to run past them in a--in a comical wide shot and steal their car keys and run away. And he's going to sneak up behind them and blow away their cocaine.
Mike: The kid did that.
Rich: And then he's going to kill a guy w-...uh, his butt, by stabbing him in the butt.
Mike: The little kid did that.
Rich: Maybe kill the guy by stabbing him in the butt, we're not sure.And--and then he's gonna fight his childhood friend...who he played basketball with. And then the friend's dad is going to kill one of the judge's twenty adopted children, after slapping her during sex, while thinking about his son.
Jack: That's weird
Rich: And then he's going to die at the end by falling three feetonto a ceramic horse.
Jack: No, wait...
Len: That is really good, though.
Mike: That was good. That was--that was what happened in the film.
Josh: God bless you, Rich Evans!
Mike: The card doesn't specify what his service is.
Jay: It just says for hire.
Rich: That's why nobody called the number.
Len: Ever.
Mike: The judge did eventually.
Rich: For all they knew it was an advertisement for phone sex.
Mike: I think we're not--I think we're not accurately describing just how incomprehensible it is. Ok, we need to clarify some things: Lethal Ninja, the man with the perm and the mullet, shows up at the party at the beginning at the judge's house wearing a--a waiter's costume. He's serving food, but he's also a secret lethal ninja. The mayor's adopted son is also at the party, but he's wearing like a, like a bellhop costume? Or--or--or like an admiral's uniform? Or something, doesn't make any sense. In the middle of the party it cuts to them in front of like, fake brick wall, where Lethal Ninja is now wearing a Hamburglar costume.
Len: The burial of the one adopted daughter, where there is no--the funeral, there--it's the burial scene. There's no...grave. She's just in her casket on a lawn!
Rich: And--and then you get to the last scene...which takes place in the dance club, but now, the dance club is an auction hall. All of the valuable auction items, which came from like a dollar store and they're made out of plaster, are sitting on a folding chable, that's covered with a dirty tablecloth.
Jack: What's a--what's a chable?
Len: Chable.
Rich: Chable? Folding table--I don't care.
Jack: The evil mayor and--and Gene Simmons wanted that piece of art because, cuz, uh, evil mayor and Gene Simmons wanted that piece of art 'cause it had all the drugs in it.
Rich: Is that it?!
Jay: Really?!
Mike: How do you know this? I--
Rich: What? How the fuck did you get this?!
Jack: No! It's in the movie.
Rich: What?!
Mike: Jay, positive on Lethal Ninja?
Jay: If I'm going with a genuine positive and not--I mean, obviously we all love the ending, umm.the fact that the boom mic showed up a few times means that they thought to use a boom mic.
Rich: So I'm picking um, Lethal Ninja as Best of the Worst, but! Because that first hour and ten minutes is so bad, I'm also picking it as the movie we destroy!
Jack: Whoa.
Jay: Whoa, mind blown!
Len: What just happened? Is this real life?
Jack: Oh my god, Rich Evans.
Jay: Wow. Where do we go from here? You blew my mind, Rich.
Jack: You've blown the format, it's great, it's great!
Len: In the funeral sequence, I get it, it was so incompetently done, and I'm pretty sure they were serious about it as filmmakers, and that's...that's fuckin' pathetic, dude.
Jack: I thought I was going into this as the underdog. For voting for Lethal Ninja.
Len: I did notice everybody consistently, throughout the running time of the film, was trying to figure out what was going on
Jay: We all wanted to understand it!
Len: We wanted to know what was going on, we just couldn't.
Jay: We were trying!
Jack: Le-, Lethal Ninja was the--the saucy lady that holds a little back, makes you work for it. Go see Lethal Ninja at your local movie theater.
Jay: Yah!
Jack: Oh, karate chop.
Rich: Aughh!
