Oct 30, 2014
The Item, The Crawlers, Blood Lock
youtube.com/watch?v=n747ktceuwI
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/527843582414032896
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-the-item-the-crawlers-and-blood-lock

Mike: The Brumder Mansion. Why, that's in Milwaukee!
Rich: Hi, Mike.
Mike: Oh, hi, Rich Evans! Why, it looks like we're both wearing the same Halloween costume this year! Horrible white trash that can't dress themselves. And you even smell like a dumpster! Way to go fully with the costume.
Rich: Ha ha ha ha ha! What are we doing today, Mike?
Mike: Well, this year we're gonna downplay the Halloween element a little, we're still gonna watch some scary movies, but we're not getting in costume, we're not uh, gonna, gonna try to scare each other or anything, you remember what happened last year?
Rich: I certainly do!
Mike: So, Rich! What is it like to spend your birthday cutting into a VHS tape with a saw?
Rich: Well, it's kinda like, Oh! Oh, god! Oh, god! Oh! Oh, god! Oh, god! Oh, shit!
Mike: This was a bad idea!
Rich: Oh, g-...
Mike: Nothing wild like that's gonna happen this year, nothing scary, nothing haunted, anything like that, so, uh, Rich, what movies are we gonna watch today?
Rich: Well, because it's Halloween, I was thinking we could watch some comedies, so our first movie was going to be Cool Dog.
Mike: Hmm-kay, can I see it? That?
Rich: Yeah. Let me get Cool Dog for you.
Mike: I'm sure Cool Dog is very scary, on a technical level. But, um, we need a horror film.
Rich: Let's watch these movies, then, that are sitting right here on this shelf!
Mike: Alright, well, okay.
Rich: The first movie up is called The Item.
Mike: Well, I'm gonna start reading the quotes on the back first.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: Uh, fantastically fun! Raw, savvy...uber cool. Ain't It Cool News. Uh, it is not, uh, the quote is not attributed to Harry Knowles. Do you remember his Kickstarter? Three years ago? That he did nothing?...To complete?
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Our second quote, uh, a blood-drenched Tarantino. Like, oh! Like Tarantino.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: I thought that might've been someone from Toronto, like someone who made a film...
Rich: Torontino?
Mike: Tarantino-type caper..crossed with Alien Okay! A Sundance groundbreaker.
Rich: What?
Mike: I don't think this even played at Sundance. Maybe someone broke it on the ground outside of Sundance. Uh...the, and this is, uh, Box Office Magazine Movie and Film Reviews.
Mike: I wanna punch this movie. I'm going to read the back of the box now. Four felons are contacted by an anonymous client via the internet.
Rich: That sounds horribly unexciting.
Mike: Are you following along?
Rich: Yes.
Mike: Their instructions: go to a remote location, pick up a sealed box, and keep it safe for 24 hours. The reward: over a million dollars! Why did they need felons to do this?
Rich: Makes sense. Because they're very reliable and trustworthy.
Mike: Seems simple enough. However, upon getting it back to their apartment, oh, no. So, so, college kids made this. In their apartment that, no doubt, has, um, movie posters all over the wall and pizza boxes and beer cans everywhere. Their curiosity gets the better of them and they decide to investigate their package.
Mike: I don't get what's so funny about that.
Rich: Go on.
Mike: Uhh, I forgot where I was, their curiosity gets the better of them and they decide to investigate the package. Why does he keep on laughing so much? When they investigate their package, they discover that they have unleashed a deadly creature.from their package
Rich: Eh, you're just throwing those packages in there, now.
Mike: And none of them are getting out alive.
Rich: From their package?
Mike: What's up next, Rich?
Rich: Well, our next film is called The Crawlers!
Mike: Uhhh, yeah, there's a lady, a scantily clad lady with...something on her, is that, are those like, snakes, or...
Rich: Okay, the back of the box says: The Crawlers! A new kind of monster...A living, lethal organism that strikes its victims without moving. No one can stop the crawlers!
Mike: But don't they crawl? How do they stop their victims without moving if they crawl?
Rich: Warning.
Mike: Is this a movie about dangerous babies?
Rich: They, they, I, I, I read that wrong.
Mike: Disgusting babies?
Rich: I read that wrong, it's a lethal organism that strikes its victims without warning. I don't know how I read that as moving.
Mike: Crawling looks very similar to warning.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Why would you ask someone on a bus if they're from around here?
Josh: Are you from...
Mike: Doesn't make any sense.
Josh: Do you, do you live on a bus?
Jessi: Are you from bus?
Mike: It's sort of in the middle from being anywhere.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Maybe they just got on the bus together recently
Mike: Rich! I made my point! Don't counter it, please! 
Rich: That's it, that's all it says...I'm actually done reading the back of the box...
Mike: Oh, really?
Rich: It was two sentences.
Mike: Oh my gosh, well...
Rich: There's some pictures, there's some people playing around with a, a, a...rubber monster tentacle?
Mike: Okay.
Rich: And then there's a woman carrying what looks like a...it looks like a cow udder inside of a backpack?
Mike: Who, all right...
Rich: It looks like, to me... 
Mike: You got me, you got me interested so far.
Rich: And yeah, that's the movie.
Mike: And who's the director...
Rich: Take it or leave it.
Mike: ...of this film.
Rich: Uhh, Martin Newlin. And I'm told that this film has the alternate title of Troll 3.
Mike: That's very interesting, but it's not the same people that made Troll 2. Troll 2 is a sequel to Troll 1, and has nothing to do with Troll 1 either.
Rich: No, seems, just call it like, you know...Alien 4.
Jay: Or The Crawlers.
Rich: Or The Crawlers. This is, this is Predators 4?
Mike: Is, is calling your movie Troll something the, the title equivalent of, uh, Alan Smithee? You know, just...
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: We'll call it Troll something and we'll make some money back. Well, we had to come crawling back to the movies after watching The Crawlers. It was so exhausting.
Rich: Ha ha ha ha! Let's watch one of these 8 movies on this 8 movie pack.
Mike: Well, we have 8 movies. One of them is bound to be alright.
Rich: We're watching Blood Lock.
Mike: Our next film, Rich, our third film of the evening is called Blood Lock.Uh...and, as you can see, it's a very tiny picture of it. Um...we've randomly picked this one, off this 8...
Rich: Completely randomly, yes.
Mike: And uh, there's a man, who is trying to have a, a bowel movement. Who also is a vampire.
Rich: And a lock, he has a lock.
Mike: When Barry and Christine move into a new house, they discover a strange locked door in the basement. A door that hides a secret, a terrible secret. What's inside the locked door in the basement, Rich? What do you think?
Rich: Uhh, a, a, another blood lock? That they can put at a different door in the house?
Mike: Is the m-, actual movie inside the door? Like they open it up and they go, oh no, that's what we made?
Rich: That'd be, that'd be kind of interesting, though, so, probably not.
Mike: Do you think it's just, like, a vampire?
Rich: Uhh...
Mike: They locked a vampire.
Rich: Do we know for sure it's a vampire?
Mike: Well, there, there's what appears to be a vampire pooping on the cover of the box.
Rich: That looks like a Satan to me, are you sure it's not like a Satan in the door?
Mike: Alright, let's go watch Blood Lock. Well that was Blood Lock.
Josh: Sure was.
Jay: All right, let's go talk about these movies.
Jack: The power went out. Where are we gonna talk about these movies?
Mike: I know where we can talk about these movies.in a haunted mansion!
Jay: Would anyone like some Hallowine?
Josh: No.
Jessi: No.
Mike: Well, let's talk about our first film. Our first film was called The Item. Something is dying to get out uhh...
Jay: That was us out of the room.
Josh: Well, in The Item, there is a group of, uh, hapless, uh, crooks? There's gonna be a lot of question marks at the end of sentences when I describe this movie.
Josh: And then they go back to the hideout, which is the most annoying crook's girlfriend's place? It is full of terrible art. And...
Jay: Better get used to this location.
Josh: That's true, that's where most of the movie happens. Except for outside.
Jay: Stop!
Josh: Damn you! Fuck. 
Jack: Yaaay!
Josh: Actually, we put outside in quotes.
Jay: Pfffft!
Jessi: Yeah.
Josh: Outside of the...
Mike: It's like a alley set.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It's like The Room scene when he throws the football.
Jay: And then falls over for no reason?
Mike: It's more, uh...
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: It's, it's less realistic...than the Tommy Wiseau location.
Josh: Can you put that back up there, I don't wanna hold this anymore.
Jessi: Oh no, that's fine.
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: Oh, fuck you!
Jack: He just went to 110% cool!
Jay: Ugh I hate this fucking guy so much.
Josh: But he, that's the thing, though, if, if, if it had been like a psychological thing where there's like a slug with telepathic, you know, abilities, nobody would've fucked a puppet. And that's... that's all we got out of this movie, ‘cause it was all bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, that lady's fucking a puppet, the end.
Josh: Oh.
Jay: He died, finally!
Josh: Finally.
Jack: Yay!
Mike: And speaking of The Item, and the cover.
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Can we sue Artisan for releasing that cover?
Josh: No.
Mike: I mean howww...misleading.
Jessi: Oh, yeah.
Mike: It's like a reptilian eye.
Jessi: Yeah, and that's not like that...
Jay: And that's a classic case of we, we're selling the box, not the movie.
Jessi: Yeah.
Josh: If we could sue Artisan we would be suing Cannon films over and over and over again.
Jessi: Oh, of course. You know what? You know what, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say The Amazing Bulk was a better, uh...made movie.
Mike: No.
Jay: No...I'll, I'll say, ninety...five percent of this movie made me angry. Like more angry than any movie we've watched on Best of the Worst.
Jay: But! I'm gonna say, those last five minutes did a lot to redeem it. That was some weird, perverted Frank Henenlotter shit, when the girl started fucking the puppet. That was, that was genuinely entertaining.
Mike: Onto our next film, The Crawlers, uh, a.k.a Troll.3? A.k.a...
Jay: Creepers.
Mike: Creepers, a.k.a...
Jay: Contamination .7
Mike: Yes.
Jessi: Wow! Good job.
Jay: Thank you.
Mike: So, I...
Jay: This is the second movie, the same year, by the same director to be called Troll 3.
Josh: I didn't realize it was the same year .
Jay: Yep. Same year, same director.
Josh: Damn it! 
Jay: Neither of them have anything to do with trolls.
Rich: We're gonna find it!....I used to play high school football, before I hurt my knee. Now I'm acting.
Mike: Trees don't come alive...
Rich: Oh, god.
Josh: Oh no, please, Oh god, please.
Jack: Is he gonna shoot himself with a musket?
Mike: It's his gun from when he served in the Civil War.
Josh: They make the most im-, like, like the promiscuous lady makes the most, like, difference on the plot.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Jessi: Yeah.
Josh: Of anybody in this movie
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Oh, my god, did you see that?
Josh: What?
Rich: The camera just moved.
Jay: Which o-, your camera?
Rich: Yeah, it just moved.
Jessi: Shut the fuck up.
Jay: Well it's clear that the filmmakers don't know anything about...uh, toxic waste or the effects of it, because the end of the movie is the entire town...
Mike: That was the 1980s.
Jay: The entire town, they're coming together and they're gonna take care of these Toxic Barrel Wastes by just touching them with their bare hands and...
Jay and Josh: Rolling them around.
Mike: They're clearly leaking in the first place, or there wouldn't be a vine problem.
Jay: Well, first what happens is the, they show up with the helicopter, they find all of them, and then a vine reaches up, pulls down the helicopter, then it turns in, it magically turns into a toy helicopter and then blows up.
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: It just explodes.
Jay: One second a toy helicopter.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: We need a freeze-frame on that toy helicopter.
Jay: That was adorable.
Jack: Beautiful.
Mike: Well, speaking of Blood Lock...um, our third film of the evening is, is called Blood Lock.
Jay: Blood Lock.
Mike: A William Victor Schotten-freude film.
Josh: How did you not come up with that yesterday?
Mike: I don't know, I just saw it.
Jessi: She wants to be, and I'm quoting the movie, mortal.
Woman: Look at me. I'll grant you mortality.
Jack: Uh, mortality?
Josh: I have mortality.
Mike: The Amish are known for fighting vampires. The Amish are known for warding off vampires, this is well known, this is a well-known fact.
Josh: Are you making that up right now?
Jessi: Oh, they don't like the sun and the Amish don't use electricity.
Mike: That makes no sense. They had made video cameras. That were made out of wood and corn stalks, and that's why the picture looked so bad.
Josh: Secondly, what kind of hack filmmakers throw in a fuckin' it was all a dream at the end, like what a bullshit move!
Jessi: Oh, I totally agree!
Josh: What a bullshit move!
Mike: Clearly, complete hacks make their film end...
Jay: Absolutely.
Mike: With it was all a dream, which is what...
Jay: Which is the worst way you could end a movie.
Mike: Which is what Blood Lock did.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Um.
Josh: Actually, no, it's the, as Jack a, accurately pointed out, it's the second worst way you could end a movie. The worst way is to cut to black and hear a gunshot.
Mike: That's right.
Mike: I knew it, the gunshot...
Jay: Gunshot over black. Yes! It does not get more film student than that.
Mike: Well, Blood Lock, it seems to be in, in, uh, in the running for Best of the Worst here. Uh, which is just sickening.
Jessi: Ohhhh you dummy!
Jack: You cunt!
Mike: But I guess it's the time of the night, when we talk about which film is the best of the worst, and for our Halloween selection...this is just shit.
Jay: This is pitiful.
Jessi: This is pathetic.
Mike: It's pathetic, yeah.
Josh: I didn't even wanna think about it...again.
Jay: I kinda forgot that Halloween existed.
Mike: We gotta go with best of the worst, I'm going with best of the worst, what was the most entertaining for me? Oh, god, I don't know, can I, can I pass this off? Can I...
Jessi: Sure, would you like me to go?
Mike: Yeah, please go, I, I need some more time to think about it.
Josh: Do you want us, m-, maybe we can, we can discuss and maybe that'll.
Jessi: Yeah.
Mike: Come back to it.
Jay: Would you like to call a friend?
Mike: I would like to phone a friend.
Jessi: You wanna phone me?
Mike: W-, well...
Jessi: Here, call me.
Mike: No, you're in the discussion, I gotta phone...
Jessi: Oh.
Mike: ...somebody else.
Josh: Call Rich.
Jessi: Okay.
Mike: You go.
Jessi: Okay.
Josh: Call Rich.
Jessi: So...
Jessi: Um, Blood Lock is my pick, though, for best of the worst, um, it's, I, I find it to be the most entertaining and the most, like, what?
Woman's Voice: I'm sorry, but the person you called has a voice mailbox that has not been set up yet.
Jessi: Ohhh.
Josh: Rich!
Jay: It hasn't been set up yet?
Josh: You didn't set up your...nobody leaves you messages?
Jessi: Wow.
Mike: The winner is a tie.
Jay: The winner is anyone that hasn't seen any of these movies.
Josh: Yep.
Jessi: Ohh.
Mike: Definitely the loser is The Item, and that, that definitely is getting destroyed.
Jessi: Somehow.
Mike: Be kind, don't rewind.
Rich: Meh.
Jay: Well, Rich, since The Item is a pretentious art film about a monster in a box, what do you think is the most appropriate way to destroy it?
Rich: Let's burn it on a grill!
Jay: Okay! Now this tape does have something I've never ever seen before. Which is a movie melt heat sensor. So we're going to, to pay close attention to that as it cooks on the grill.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Uh, warning: if dot turns black and heat damage or label tampering is evident, customer must purchase video.
Rich: So I'm assuming this is from a video store in Phoenix, Arizona?
Jay: It, yeah, that must be the case...
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Or it gets hot and they're worried...
Rich: Leave it in the car and it melts in the car.
Jay: I guess, yeah, but...
Rich: Okay.
Jay: If, if that is the case, if that does turn black, you're paying for it, Rich. Well, Rich, we got the grill going. Uh, how do you feel about cooking some burgers?
Rich: I'm Rich Evans, of course I wanna cook some burgers.
Jay: Well, all right.
Rich: All right. And now the piece de resistance.
Jay: I don't know what that means but let's put The Item on the grill!
Rich: I think it means piece of shit.
Jay: Now, the movie melt heat sensor is not activating, but it's very clearly melting. Should we see if the sensor goes off when it's facing the grill more?
Rich: Sure, sure.
Jay: I think it's confirmed now that the tape IS melting!
Rich: Sweet!
Jay: The sticker has told us so.
Mike: The movie melt sensor works!
Rich: After the movie has already melted!
Jay: Hey Rich, uh, well, to celebrate why don't we eat these burgers, can you go get the cheese?
Rich: Oh, yeah.
Jay: I'm gonna flip the tape over. Oh, it touched the burger a little bit, but I'm sure it'll be fine.
