Jul 31, 2014
High Voltage, Death Spa, Space Mutiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pgbB9ORqRg
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/494857961085210625
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-high-voltage-death-spa-and-space-mutiny

Hey, Rich! Let’s watch some movies!
All right. What do you wanna watch? More action movies?
How about more horror movies?
How about sci-fi movies? Can’t get enough of those
I know! We could watch all three! It could be like a competition, like a battle.
Our first movie is our action movie, and it is called High Voltage
Well that sounds shocking. What? What’s it say, Josh?
It says electrifying, super-charged action!
Ok, so they, they, they go, they got the whole electricity thing going on
Yeah, and I don’t really believe them at all, but let’s...
Is it an action hero with electric powers?
My God, I hope so! Let’s see, shock treatment for action freaks!
Okay.
So we’re really, we’re really hammering this theme home here. Alright, mess with the Asian mafia and you’ve got big trouble! Mess with Johnny Clay, Antonio Sabato Jr, and you’re a dead man!
Okay.
From mind-blowing stunts to earth-shaking explosions, High Voltage delivers a relentless, super charged showdown of the bad guys vs. the badder guys!
Oh! So there’s no good guys, they’re all bad?
No! Everybody’s a dick in here.
Is, is this like the Sony Electro movie? Is that, you know...is...is this the Sinister Six prequel?
I don’t know what you’re talking about. And that’s it, that’s all the...
That’s all?
There’s barely anything.
Oh that’s terrific!
So you really don’t have a lot of information on this movie at all.
How weird.
Yeah. It’s Lady Teetah.
Oh look! The, uh, it’s the place where you grab to immobilize a lady. He doesn’t know about that, right?
What?
Yeah. When you, when you grab right here, she can’t do anything. Just keep moving right along.
Here, try it.
Oh, no!
Oh, he’s gonna do the jumping-with-two-guns thing again Oh Jesus.
Duh.
What!
Ahh fuck you!
What?!
What?
All right.
They lost me and then they won me right back.
Yeah.
So, next up in our Battle of the Genres, we have horror.
Ooh!
And for horror, we have Death Spa! 
Ooh.
Which, which is a bad movie on Blu-ray, which I think is a good sign.
Uh, so we have Death Spa, and there’s a picture of a man with an exposed chest on a, on a exercise machine, and a skull lady. And it says you’ll sweat blood!
Awesome!
The new fitness club in town has everything a health nut could ever want, a variety of workout machine...classes taught by friendly and frisky instructors, and a state of the art computer control system for maximum client comfort.
Great!
Unfortunately it’s also possessed by the evil spirit of the owner’s dead wife!
That’s less than great.
And before long, every dumbbell, leg press, and rowing machine becomes a deadly weapon, for her to enact bloody vengeance on the club’s members. So if you’re looking for a real workout from Hell, enter Death Spa, a new experience in terror!
This movie fell into a vat of Saved by the Bell.
It’s, um, sexy? What is Ken Foree wearing?
He’s wearing a rainbow.
Our third entry, our final entry, our sci-fi entry.Space Mutiny.
Uhh breathtaking special effects from the team that brought you Star Wars. It’s, it’s caps so it’s gotta be louder
Is that, is that, is that actually the Battlestar Galactica? The, the, the 70s one?
It might be.
It is! 
Is it?
That’s totally the Cylon ship
Oh, we’re in for a good time.
All right!
Yeah.
All right.
All right, starring Reb Brown (Uncommon Valor), James Ryan (Rage to Kill), John Phillip Law (Barbarella), aaaand Cameron Mitchell. My favorite year, our favorite actor.
The enormous Southern Sun spacecraft faces destruction from within when the evil Kalgan (John Phillip Law, Barbarella) and his men take control through a violent and explosive mutiny. Kalgan’s plan: scrap the ship and sell the passengers into slavery.
Oh.
Only one man, Reb Brown, has the strength and courage to lead the fight against Kalgan’s rebels. Armed with laser cannons and neutron grenades, he leads the commander’s daughter and a handful of soldiers into a blasting battle against Kalgan and his powerful forces.
Okay!
It’s pretty, uh, pretty buck standard sci-fi kind of deal.
Yeah.
You know, um...
Reb Brown’s alright, but Cameron fucking Mitchell.
Cameron Mitchell.
Cameron Close-the-Fucking-Door-Mitchell.
"Will you close the fucking doors?"
Beautiful. Let’s do this.
Alright, let’s find out who is the Best of the Genre. Mom...
You’re embarrassing us.
Mom, stop trying to act like a teenager.
You big bitch?
From the quality company that brought us such films as Elves and uh, Robo-CHIC. Apix Entertainment.
Well they’re one for three now. It’s a fake bank. It’s a fank.
If I made this movie I would’ve used that shot 20 times.
Those scenes there were nicely done for what they were, the stunts were good, the, it was a little uncreative in terms of, you know, it was a very ripoff, but...
Oh no!
That’s the Best of the Worst. Yeah, great action scenes and, and...
Great sound. Yeah.
Really great sound effects, ev-, even though that was, that seemed to be an emerging theme.
I don’t, I don’t know about...
FroooOOOOM the, the films that we were watching, was that, the...we, we recognized a lot of what sounded like Lucasfilms sound effects? Um, the really deep, uh, Indiana Jones gun sound, the same punch sound effects.
Isn’t that Indiana Jones punching sound effects?
Yeah
Antonio...
But...
Sabato Junior’s guns...
There’s...
Had amazing sounds. And, and that really hit home the action for me.
But when you, when you hear...
And really, the, the sound, if I’m gonna...if we’re gonna talk about the sound, and the action too.
Can we call them the fake-kuzas? 
Fa-kuzas? That’s, yep.
The fake-kuzas versus the fank robbers at the end of the film, yeah. But the only reason they knew, the fake-kuza knew where they were was because of double-cross guy, right?
Our next film is called Death Spa.
But they had to do that because they had to kill The Dragon.
Oh! So they were doing that just to lead them there.
Yeah! Just to end it.
Okay.
But, but they knew The Dragon’s girl was on their side at that point, right?
Yeah.
Couldn’t she just...
Our next film is called Death Spa. Is that you, Roger? That looks like Bozo the Clown’s outfit.
Maybe if she were like a, like a computer scientist ghost, it would’ve made more sense.
No, no, it was her brother, her twin brother.
Yeah.
She spent years working on this computer system. And now it’s acting haywire and she’s dead! That would have made sense.
That would’ve made sense.
Yeah, that would’ve, yeah.
You should write screenplays, Rich’cause...just the mild amount of effort...
Any...
...you would put in would make more sense than these.
Any of the movies we watched tonight a five-year old could’ve made a more cohesive script.
Yes!
Any of these movies.
The logic of the movie’s plot...first of all, whoever had the idea of having a haunted spa is stupid.
No way, that plot, that premise is great!
No! Well, what is the plot of Space Mutiny?
I don’t know.
I wasn’t asking you!
Uh, also, there are, uh, some Stevie Nicks-looking ladies, I’m not, I’m still not real clear what they were doing. From top to bottom, I have no idea.
They’re the Dance of Birth ladies.
Why were they there?
They were there to oxygenate their womb space.
They were there for flavor. This is, this is an era, no, no, I mean, this is an era where science fiction...had.
You said that so blunt and weird, like, they’re there for flavor.
What do you mean by flavor...
Seasoning. They were trying to emulate...science fiction at that time...had a lot of spiritual elements, Star Wars introduced the Force, and, and then from there like the actual Battlestar Galactica, they’d had like a Christian theme running through it, and there was, there was mystical elements coming into 80s science fiction.
Okay.
And so they thought they needed something mystical.
They didn’t. Don’t, don’t get handsy, there, Cameron.
There are more, multiple people set on fire in this movie.
Yes!
And that is a positive.
I, I....I have to agree almost completely with Rich, uh, as an action movie, this is really good! The fights, the fight choreography in that I thought was really good. The sound effects...
I thought the execution of a lot of it was sort of awkward, because of the low budget. But...
Are you.
But there’s good, there’s good stuff...
Are you talking? This isn’t a discussion part. Yeah. Why don’t you just...why don’t you just shut the fuck up.
I understand that you think High Voltage is the greatest film ever made.
I don’t think it’s the greatest film ever made, but! For an Apix film, the company that brought us ElvesI was shocked.Ironically, High Voltage.
No.
I was shocked at how good the action scenes were, and, and the too, and the sound effects.
