Mar 9, 2014
Supergirl, Captain America (1990), Roger Corman's Fantastic Four
youtube.com/watch?v=d-O_RzwrZPw
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/442718555348692992
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-supergirl-captain-america-1990-and-roger-cormans-fantastic-four

Rich: Guys, we got another weirdo wandered in off the street!
Jack: No, Rich, Rich.
Rich: Oh, my god! I, I didn't recognize you at all with the, the mask on! So, so you're wearing that because we're watching superhero movies today?
Jack: We're watching superhero movies today? Well, I, I wear this because I have trouble connecting with people on an emotional level. Supergirl, super hot lady with Superman powers. When the planet Krypton was destroyed in a cosmic Holocaust oh
Rich: You just, you just found that out. This is news to you.
Jack: When the planet Krypton was destroyed in a cosmic Holocaust that claimed its great civilization, Kal-El, known to Earth as Superman, was believed to be the only survivor...until now.
Jack: Safely hidden in the void of inner space is, is the Kryptonian city of Argo, saved by the scientist Zoltar. uh, and powered by the magical omega dro-, oh...
Rich: Omegahedron.
Jack: But now the city's vital power source has been lost and only one courageous person can retrieve it. Her name is Kara. On Earth she is known as Supergirl! This is awful. This is awful to read. The entire back is in Comic Sans. Standing in her way is the evil sorceress Selena, Faye Dunaway, who has taken control of the fantastic power source with her now super-powered black magic. Okay, this is way too much to read, we're gonna cut all of this out...
Rich: Do, do you think Peter O'Toole and Faye Dunaway were all excited to be in a Superman movie .
Jack: Oh, sure!
Rich: You know, then they find out they're in Supergirl?
Jack: This is the international version containing ten minutes of footage not seen in the U.S.
Jack: So we get ten more minutes of Supergirl! Come on, let's go, let's go.
Rich: I've never seen somebody so excited to watch crap!
Jay: Was there any purpose to that? Like why is she just putting on a bra and stuffing it for no reason?
Jack: Oh, fuck if I know, I don't...
Jay: Why was that happening?
Rich: That's what women do.
Jay: Okay. That's a Superman-type thing to do.
Jack: Yep.
Josh: Flood the town? Yes.
Rich: All right, and then next up we have Captain America. Now there've been a few Captain Americas, there was the, the new one.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: The Avengers Captain America, there was the 70's one, where he had a motorcycle helmet.
Jack: Yeah!
Rich: But...
Jack: Oh my god, is that it.
Rich: There was the, there was a 70s one where he had a motorcycle helmet.
Jack: Oh my god. Oh man, look how badass he looks!
Rich: But this is the, the oddball Captain America movie. This is the one where I think he has the plastic ears on the side of his head? This, this was made in the 90's, it was right during like the, the Batman 89, the...
Jack: Also known as the  awkward years for superhero movies.
Rich: Yeah, yeah. And when I was a child...at my theater they had a poster for this, it was just like...they, they completely ape the Batman, uh.advertising, it was just a picture of the shield.
Jack: Oh, sure.
Rich: And it was in that theater, and it was in that theater for months, that poster, every time we went to the movies I saw it and I was waiting for this Captain America movie to come out, I can't wait for this Captain America movie to come out!
Jack: Yep.
Rich: It never came out.
Jack: This is exactly a sighting, as exciting as an episode of Xena Warrior Princess.
Rich: From the pages of Marvel Comics, Captain America takes to the screen in an explosive attempt to destroy his nemesis Red Skull. Starring Ronny Cox, Ned Beatty, Darren McGavin, Melinda Dillon, and Matt Salinger. And, and, and Matt Salinger, who I've just found out is the son of JD Salinger.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Rich: Which is really weird, right there. Captain America...
Jack: There's gonna be an entire movie of, uh, of just like, awkward moments in hotel bars and discovering who you are in your youth
Rich: Much, much like JD Salinger after he made this movie, his son just went into hiding.
Jack: Hohohoho.
Rich: And haven't talked to anybody ever again.
Jack: Ha!
Jay: Pffft.
Jack: Ha! Ah, ha!
Josh: Now we're talking!
Jay: Captain Charisma. Now he knocked over that miniature!
Rich: Is this also directed by Roger Corman? 
Jack: Rich Evans! Name me your favorite superhero.
Rich: Spiderman!
Jack: Yeah! Spiderman's great!
Rich: Yeah! Alright! Are we gonna watch Spiderman?
Jack: No, we're gonna watch your other favorite superhero.
Rich: Yeah? Yeah, Superman? Batman?
JK:..........Ok, we're gonna watch nobody's favorite superheroes. Nobody likes these people, they keep
Rich: I like the Fantastic Four.
Jack: This is the infamous Roger Corman-produced Fantastic Four movie. No one has seen this movie legally, is the thing, cuz it was never released in any official format.
Rich: If I'm not mistaken it was only made so that somebody could hold on to the movie rights for the Fantastic Four.
Jack: That's right, that's right. A small German production company wanted to hold on to the movie rights after uh, superhero movies were getting big, so they slapped this together for under a million dollars. Ok, when an experimental space voyage goes awry, four people are forever changed by cosmic rays. Reed Richards, inventor and leader of the group, gains the ability to stretch his body and takes the name Mr. Fantastic. His girlfriend, Sue Storm, gains the ability to turn...invisible! And create force fields, becoming the Invisible Girl. Her little brother Johnny Storm becomes The Human Torch, with the ability to control fire! Including hovering his own.
Rich: I'm sorry, I, I, I zoned out as you were describing all these things I already know .
Jack: Right, it's a Fantastic Four movie, they're gonna go to space, get superpowers, and fight a guy in a metal helmet, what else do you need to know, but they're gonna do it in hilariously low-budget fashion.
Rich: What the fuck?
Jack: That was their fight scene.
Rich: This, this movie has done for feminism what, what Birth of a Nation did for equal rights.
Jay: It's innocent in the way that your grandparents accidentally slipping racial slurs is, so. They don't know any better!
Rich: She's in the woods, she's gotta frolic with bunnies!
Jack: She's flying, she needs to fly by some ponies! I will say, I mean, I, I watched this several times as a kid...I, I still kinda like it.
Rich: What did you see in it?
Jack: Oh, come on! No, no, I grew up, I grew up on a farm, we didn't have...
Jay: You can end it right there. I like Supergirl because I grew up on a farm, cut! This is the, the redheaded stepchild of Captain America films. This genetic experi-, experiment, the best superpower that Captain America comes out of it with is the ability to pretend he's sick so he can steal people's cars.
Jack: You know what? That's the best superpower in the world! I can run slightly faster than an old man!
Jay: What a dick!
Rich: All it needed was Captain America saying, yoink!
Jay: Bye!
Rich: What?
Josh: But so then they go to Italy to look for Red Skull and his daughter and her henchmen.
Jay: Then they go to Italy because they got tax breaks for shooting there!
Rich: You know what's funny? And this is gonna be something of a transition.this looks more like a Roger Corman movie than the Roger Corman movie we watched. That's the thing that teaches, uh, Leonard Nimoy about Laserdiscs, right?
Rich: When you're a sentient rock it's hard to get work in Hollywood. Try again.
Jack: E-,eventually we need the full-body flame on reveal of the Human Torch.
Jay: I didn't think we were going to get it.
Josh: I did not.
Jack: And well...like I said, I've seen this one before and so I knew it was coming and it is Reboot-esque CG.
Rich: Woah woah woah woah, you're doing a disservice to Reboot.
Jack: It's the worst, it reminds me...it reminds me of that internet video walk to the store, Where the guy's all glitching out on purpose.
Rich: He was the love child of Denny from The Room and, and the me underwears guy.
Josh: From The Room.
Jay: Also from The Room.
Jack: You should watch this to know how not to write a lady.
Rich: The Fantastic Four is like a high-quality chef took shit ingredients and made an appetizing meal.
Josh: Ohh it's like my fantasy Iron Chef where they have Cheetos.
Rich: Yes! This, this is Iron Chef with Cheetos. And this is somebody...
Josh: Your ingredient? Cheetos.
Rich: This is somebody taking filet mignon and somehow they're making ramen noodles.
Josh: And then what's that?
Rich: Uh, that is just.
Jay: That's just ramen noodles.
Rich: That's, that's rice crackers. This is, this is rice crackers.
Jack: That's McDonald's, that's barely food but it's cheap.
Jay: So I guess the moral of the night is that, that sometimes the underdogs can win.
Jack: Yay.
Rich: Awww. That's sweet.
Jay: This Fantastic Four movie is so much better than its reputation.
Rich: Yes. See it with an open mind.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Look, look past the budget.
Jay: See it with an open mind and an open heart.
