Sep 18, 2014
Wheel of the Worst #6 - How Can I Tell If I'm Really In Love?, The Osteoporosis Dance, American Flatulators
youtube.com/watch?v=aA2Z16QiNsE
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/512621184740245504
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-6

Mike: What the fuck is going on here?
Jim: Hi, Mike.
Mike: Jim, Colin. You guys are back, huh? I see you found my Body Rap and opened it. I was trying to keep that mint in the box, it's gonna be worth something someday. Thanks. Anyway, I guess we'll spin the Wheel now. Would you like to see what's on the Wheel today?
Jim: Yeah.
Mike: Up first, Software Made Easy: 4-in-One Computer Video. What?
Colin: I think there's four pieces of software that it teaches you how to use. Windows 95, MS-DOS..
Mike: Ohh, yeah, Windows 95. MS-DOS, Wordperfect, and Lotus 1-2-3.
Colin: Everybody's gotta know these.
Mike: They are important.
Colin: Those are the four main software packages.
Mike: I have a feeling this video will be dated. It's just a guess though. Uh, what's next, Jim?
Jim: Next is Kid Sand Airbags.
Mike: An airbag made of sand does not sound like a good idea.
Jim: No, and the kid's made of robot parts.
Mike: Next, Road Construction Ahead, which may be made by the same guy who made Cleared for Takeoff, a previous video that we watched because he made a children's video called Road Construction Ahead, this one says it's for kids of all ages. An action-packed video with all the awesome earth-moving and road construction equipment your kids love to watch. Uh, all right.
Jim: Next up we have the Osteporo, Osteoporosis Dance, produced by Claude Pepper Older Americans Center and Video Communications Department, University of Connecticut Health Center.
Mike: Umm, is that the full title?
Jim: The Osteoporosis Dance?
Mike: Well, all that other text you read after that...
Jim: No, that's just a description...of the, production.
Mike: Alright, I guess we know very little about this film. Uh, do people with osteoporosis dance or do people dance like you have osteoporosis?
Colin: I think dancing is recommended when you have osteoporosis
Mike: We'll find out. Uh, next is another mysterious video, Farm Safety Family Style, which was also on the Wheel last time. Colin?
Colin: Yes?
Mike: What is Farm Safety Family Style about?
Colin: It's about farm safety.
Jim: Next up we have Laugh: Jest for the Health Of...It. Jest for the Health Of It. It's a granny with a fake smiley face in her hand on a popsicle stick and something called a Mirth Aid Kit.
Colin: First aid, it's like first aid kit.
Jim: Yeah, like first aid kit, it's sitting in her lap, and it's with Patty Wooten, NR, sorry, RN.
Mike: Registered Nurse.
Jim: That's not a state, RN?
Mike: No, no, not the, no, not that I'm aware of. Next is the, uh, the star of the Wheel tonight, um, How Can I Tell If I'm In Love? Starring Justine and Jason Bateman, who are brother and sister, uh, I guess we should note. And there's a tiny picture of Ted Danson behind them.
Jim: For some reason.
Colin: With a black book?
Jim: Like the Ted Danson black book from Cheers, that he?
Mike: Oh, yeah, maybe, that is his black book, yeah.
Colin: Straight talk for teenagers about dating and intimacy.
Mike: Ohh, so it's not so they can tell if they're in love, they're just gonna give tips, to...oh, okay.
Jim: And it has the squiggly lines and diamond shapes and circles from 80s style, like, kind of like Body Rap.
Mike: Uh, it certainly does.
Jim: It's come full circle.
Mike: Oh, How Can I Tell If I'm Really In Love, it says, yeah, sorry, that's the title of...
Jim: Uh, American Flatulators Ah, the sweet smell of competition. Uhh it was a Golden Roll award winner and it's people standing in a toilet bowl.And there's a gas mask at the top.
Mike: What do you think this video could possibly be about?
Colin: No idea. You don't know how long it is...is it like a game show?
Mike: Are you familiar with American Gladiators? Is there a Canadian version called Canadian Gladiators?
Colin: No, it's called American Gladiators.
Jim: It's just, they're on obstacle courses and they have giant q-tips and they knock each other off?
Mike: There's a lot of different things happening in there, but.
Jim: But in this case, they'll have gas masks on, which will make it difficult to see.
Mike: Yeah, there'll be lots of fart jokes in it and poop, poop humor, I'm assuming. Uhh.
Colin: We can only hope.
Mike: We can only hope, yeah.
Jim: Flatulations, usually about...farting.
Mike: Well there, I mean, these are toilet paper and, yeah, you don't fart in your toilet, you don't, I mean, you could...
Jay: No you don't!
Mike: No, I mean, it happens, what I'm saying is you don't run to a toilet to fart.
Jay: Ok that's...
Jim: What's weird, though, is they have the blue rinsing product that you use in toilets to clean them, and it's surrounding them, unless that's supposed to be water.
Mike: I think it's just supposed to be water .
Jay: That's still not how toilets work.
Mike: No...I, I have to say, who did the art, you know, the art is nice, it's very, you know.
Jim: Not to scale.
Mike: It's not to scale, no. Umm..a toilet bowl that big, uh, would be a problem for most peoplea serious problem...
Jim: Let alone four.
Mike: Yeah, right.
Josh: Stop doing that!
Jessi: Colin, is that you?
Colin: It's not me!
Josh: Stop it!
Jay: Oh, my god.
Jessi: I hope she falls down the stairs.
Jay: What did you do to her?
Rich: Probably because of your face.
Colin: A step ladder!
Jay: I don't know if the one on the right is alive.
Rich: This, this clock, it's bringing my heart rate up. You're such a fuck-up.
Jay: You're never gonna go anywhere in life!
Rich: That's why you can't afford to retire and have to work in shitty videos like this.
Josh: Yeah! American Flatulators!
Jim: So far, I hate this.
Mike: You didn't mention this was edited by Salvador Dali. Bizarre, like, framing, like, no one wants, Justine Base, Bateman is sitting on the floor next to a couch, while she's wearing a couch?
Jessi: What?
Jay: The editor has lost his mind.
Josh: I have to face cardinal north at all times.
Jim: She came out of it all with like, pearl earrings.
Colin: It's better than a pearl necklace.
Jim: This is a lie.
Mike: I think they could've cut that entire segment out of the video, and just kept, um, the awkward interview with students, and the Batemans, and the weird Ted Danson cutaways, where he's either wiping the cocaine from his nose or smelling his fingers.
Mike: Jason Bateman, this is coming back to haunt you.
Jim: What's his name?
Jessi: Jason Bateman.
Mike: Who did the artwork for the cover? That's my question.
Colin: I think this was Drew Struzan, he did a lot of the Star Wars artwork, you could tell, he, like, yeah
Mike: I'm gonna be in a movie.
Jessi: Ohh...
Rich: Do you think they're both gonna make it through this tape...
Jessi: They have to replace one of them?
Colin: So it's a, it's a sort of like personal trainer, it's like an exercise video, that you'd see, like, Jane Fonda do in the 80s or wherever, like that. And it has two elderly ladies, well, their names' Linda and...
Jessi: Uh, Betty.
Colin: These are the names that we gave them. Umm.
Mike: We find out their real names in the end, but it doesn't matter at that point, ‘cause they're dead
Colin: So they''re on this set that looks like a cable access...
Mike: Ironically, they're nothing but bones at this point.
Jessi: Jimmy.
Mike: Well, everyone's thinking it.
Jessi: Look at him, he's, he's...
Mike: Everyone's thinking it.
Josh: You're gonna feel really bad when you find out they're still alive and they watch this. Their grandkid's like, grandma, you're on the, you're on this show that I like.
Jay: You know what? Because they did the dance.
Jessi: You broke Colin.
Mike: He'll be fine.
Jessi: Do the dance...check your heart rate.
Colin: They'll be nothing but bones.
Jim: That's not true, no, I, I just found...I don't know if the video would be helpful, that's all I feel about it, is...I, I mean, it's a few steps here and there and...I just sort of feel an elderly person could walk around their habitat. And get as much exercise that way, like...
Josh: Habitat? Their fucking hamster water? Why can't we put the elderly in large balls?
Jim: I just mean...they live in a different environment than...than you and me.
Jessi: I guess?
Mike: The drama from this video came from Betty almost walking into a potted plant.
Jessi: I think that's where we found a lot of our entertainment, we go, oh, oh, ohh.
Colin: Edging closer, like whoa, whoa.
Mike: Well, the video was, was instructed by Tay Zonday.
Jessi: What did you say?
Colin: Tay Zonday.
Mike: With he, and he had three, uh, six vaginas.
Rich: She's got like, seven camel toes.
Mike: Camel feet. Yeah, he sort of taught two elderly women how to slightly move left and right. On a bad public access set. And then...shit, I don't know.
Jessi: It was really fun, it was really entertaining.
Mike: I kept waiting for Betty or Linda to trip over a plant or knock down the set.
Jim: They got very close.
Mike: They got very close, uh, uh, actually, at one point, when the title came up, and it came back, we had noticed that they had moved the plants about six inches over to the right because Betty was coming dangerously close.to several of the plants.
Jim: I'm just disappointed that they couldn't stay in synchronization to, the two background elderly ladies, but...they must've practiced before the video was shot.
Jessi: Linda kept fucking up. She was the worst. She was seriously the worst elderly osteoporosis dancer I've ever seen
Mike: And there are only two of them, so that's pretty fucking bad.
Jim: Considering the dance is simple.
Jessi: ...terrible!
Mike: Yeah, I mean, how hard is it to follow those steps?
Jim: They what, they were like 70, right?
Mike: I don''t know,  70, pushing 80.
Jessi: No!
Jim: It's no excuse.
Mike: It's no excuse, really, I mean, how hard is it to move your fucking arms? Come on! Like, could they find better old ladies to be in this video? Only two.
Jim: I like the move that went like that.
Mike: That was good, that was good, except that they were all off.
Jay: Shit's getting crazy.
Jessi: The kitchen counter dance. I, wh, I guess...
Jim: Which is really unfair, cuz that suggests that every single person with osteoporosis has a kitchen counter to dance from.
Mike: That makes no sense.
Jim: That can, but no, that confused me, because.yeah, I didn't understand that at all. I think, I've been misinformed or something, because...why did they call it the kitchen counter dance?
Colin: They weren't even holding onto something while they were doing it.
Mike: They should've brought in three kitchen counters for them to hold on, I think the point was like, they have to hold on to the kitchen counter for dear life.to keep from falling over. I think that's it. I really don't know, you know...you don't want to break a bone. Look out for those potted plants.
Rich: Oh god, we almost went off the stage that time.
Jessi: Goddammit, Betty!
Rich: We lost Betty!
Josh: She's going for the potted plants again.
Rich: She's hopelessly out of sync.
Jessi: That's funny, but wouldn't it be funny if one of them died, and then they cut to the break where they check in the box(?)  and then there's just a new person, just replaced them...and no mention. Just keeps on dancing.
Mike: I think Rich said that there would be a title that just said rest in peace you know, Betty.
Jessi: Not Betty...
Jim: In memory.
Mike: Yeah in memory of Betty.
Jessi: It'd be Linda, by the way. Linda's awful.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Linda looks like Jackie Mason.
Colin: And they started getting really uncoordinated by the end, it was sort of like, nobody was in sync...
Mike: They were getting tired.
Colin: ...free-for-all.
Mike: Their coordination, like, they'd varied, it would come and go, which makes me think that they filmed this video over 6 months, you know, Betty and Linda can only take so much. They kept bringing them back, bringing them back.
Jessi: I'm convinced that.
Mike: We filmed 6 minutes today, Betty. You get to lay down and...you know, and it took, it was like Apocalypse Now. Except more heart attacks. I'm surprised the instructor could keep it going with the smell of urine in the air.
Jessi: How many handlers did Betty and Linda need to change their Depends?
Colin: This is, horrible.
Jessi: I'm sorry, I'm sorry Betty and Linda.
Mike: They're dead, they're long dead.
Colin: I thought the comments in the room were horrible, this is so much worse.
Mike: How do you keep it going? Tay Zonday did a great job.
Jessi: She's a professional.
Mike: Yeah. They call her ol' camel feet.
Jessi: They'll call...
Mike: Yeah, they don't call he that for nothing.
Jessi: She's tough.
Mike: Yeah, she could keep her water in, unlike the old ladies. And it's just leakin' out. Nobody likes osteoporosis, but they do dance about it. That's what this is about, it's a celebration of osteoporosis.
Colin: If you're over 90 years old and you own a countertop...this movie.
Jessi: This is for you.
Mike: Yeah, if you have a kitchen counter to hold on to, while slightly moving your feet...to just slightly raise your heart rate so you don't die sooner...this is the video for you.
Jim: Ta-dah!
Mike: Uh, well, The Osteoporosis Dance was very...
Jim: Thumbs up.
Mike: Thumbs up, very entertaining, same with How Can I Tell If I'm Really In Love, but our final film of the evening...I won't say who picked it off the Wheel.
Jim: I'm just thinking right now how to destroy this video tape.
Mike: Is it the worst thing that everyone's ever seen? Cuz it is for me.
Rich: Oh, shut up!
Jim: I st, I fell asleep, then I woke up and I got really angry. It wa excessively horrific, I mean, it was excessive and excessive and excessive to the point of like..like it was, it was like a psychopath had, had created this and wanted to keep it going...um, and there was no, uhh, I can't talk about it. Did you see the, um...the critique on the back?
Mike: No.
Jim: It says, it says: a rip-snorting video, guaranteed to leave you gasping for air, Linda Barnard, Toronto Sun.
Colin: No!
Mike: Jeez....might as well have a quote from Rob Ford.
Jim: Who?
Colin: Never heard of him..
Jessi: Would you say that it's safe to say that this movie is a stinker? Sorry, that was, a Mike joke and I just had to, I'm so sorry.
Josh: Fuck you, Barry and Liz Hirschberg.
Mike: What's so funny about elderly people trying to exercise?
Colin: Apparently, everything. And the discussion here, recounting it again...
Jessi: Must be a Canadian thing.
Mike: Oh yeah, yeah.
Colin: What?
Mike: You laugh at the elderly up there? We don't do that.
Jessi: It's disgusting.
Mike: Really, it's repulsive.
Jessi: Should be ashamed.
Mike: So go ahead and say what's funny again, to watch.
Colin: I think I would watch this alone...wait, no...
Mike: You don't want to say that, out loud. Uh, Jim? Your pick for best of the worst, were you just like, daydreaming?
Jim: No! I was...
Mike: I don't blame you. The Osteoporosis Dance is timeless.
