Jun 3, 2014
Wheel of the Worst #5 - Cleared for Takeoff, Tales from Genesis Space, SOS
youtube.com/watch?v=ceUSZBMeREY
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/473883581006499840
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-5

Rich: Oh god! What, what smells so bad?
Mike: It's the Wheel of the Worst, you remember that?
Rich: Oh god, I thought we threw this fucking thing out.
Mike: We did, Rich, but the garbage men just brought it back to us. It's so embarrassing even the city of Milwaukee didn't want it.
Rich: They brought it back?! Oh my god.
Mike: Yeah, let's clean it off.
Rich: It, it, it looks like they added tapes to it. There's, there's more!
Mike: Oh god, there's like, drug needles stuck in that. Where do I...what, do we have a sharps container? Well, if we don't, I'll just have to throw this on the ground.
Rich: Ok, okay. Be careful!
Mike: Well, I, I need to throw it away!
Rich: Uhh...
Mike: Uh...
Rich: Uhh, ehh...
Mike: Just step out the way for a second.
Rich: Oh, my god.
Mike: Threw the needle...Look, Rich, let's just see what's on the Wheel today. Well, first up, we have, uhh, what was on the Wheel last time, a mysterious tape called SOS. Which has a monkey in a suit?
Rich: Yeah, whatever. Next up is Practical Solutions for Home Preparedness Y2K.
Mike: What a timely video.
Rich: Yeah, let's standard Y2K didn't happen joke.
Mike: Up next will be a Y3K video. But we have a long time to wait before that. Rich, up next is another mysterious video, uh, Tales from Genesis Space. There's an eye with cat ears, a smiley face, and something that looks like a alien demon.
Rich: Well, that looks amazing, so there's no chance we'll land on that. Next on the Wheel is insert joke here, the insert joke here video about insert joke here.
Mike: Up next is Cleared for Takeoff, correction, Fred Levine's Original Cleared for Takeoff. Travel through one of America's largest airports and experience the fun of flying with a real pilot. Gee, I can't wait to travel to one of America's largest airports, that sounds so much fun.
Rich: Next up on the Wheel we have Farm Safety Family Style. That's it. We have a, we have a large blue box that says Farm Safety Family Style.
Mike: But it also says 13:43. Is that the year the film was made? Or the running time?
Rich: That's the Bible verse that the tape is based on.
Mike: Up next, American Flatulators. Uh, wow, this appears to be a parody of the dated TV show American Gladiators, just with fart jokes. And...are they holding, is that toilet paper on the end of those...
Rich: Probably?
Mike: They look like giant Q-Tips, but those are those, those jousting things that they... 
Rich: Yeah, yeah. I don't get the gas mask, though. Is there, is there any kind of parallel on the American Gladiators logo that that's a take on? I know, I know gas for smelly farts, but, and then last up on the wheel is the big finish, Kids and Airbags.
Mike: Things you don't want to go together, ever, but in this video, it does. And the strange thing about this video, is that it's only 4 minutes long, so, I really, I can't wait to see how they talk, I think it's going to start off your airbag will inflate when you hit something and it'll hit your kid in the face end of video, right? Or they don't get in a car accident, ‘cause your airbag could smack your child in the face?
Rich: Whatever. Fuck these videos. These all suck.
Mike: What? You're so weird. Now let me put this safety instructional video about child airbag safety back on a wooden wheel so that we can spin it.
Rich: All right, all right, I''m gonna spin the Wheel, so that we can watch a fucking movie, all right, here we go!
Mike: Well, we're not watching that one!
Rich: Aww. Okay.
Mike: Cleared for Takeoff. This is what they call filler in children's airplane videos.
Rich: Get to the point!
Jay: I think, I think this is it, Rich, this is the point.
Rich: This is it?
Mike: This video is shit. It's just shit.
Jack: What is this?
Jay: And the editor was so bored he just sped up the footage.
Jack: Yeah, this simulates plane-riding pretty...
Rich: I would hate if he's (?) sitting next to this fucking family.
Mike: This video is called Travelling with children is a fucking nightmare.
Jack: It's true, by the way.
Mike: This looks like the poor mother's miserable.
Rich: Of course she is, she has three children.
Mike: Bob Levine, put down the camera and help me with these fucking kids. Oh, god, we can't even get the rejected sticker off. Was is, is this real life? Or is this like a miserable nightmare, this existence I live? Are you ready to spin the wheel? Jack?
Jack: Whose, who came up with the Wheel of the Worst?
Mike: That was that fucker, Rich Evans. Get out of here, you fucker!
Jack: Did it, whose idea was it to watch, like, not-movies, to watch like, this kind of shit? Cuz, like, not-movies are terrible, whose idea was that?
Mike: Well, why don't we spin the Wheel?
Jack: Let's see what's gonna kill us slowly! It's...it's..it's...
Mike: Tales from Genesis Space! Let's go!
Jack: Woo! Fuck, yeah!
Rich: Oh, Fuck!
Jay: Jack!
Rich: It's broken!
Mike: Can it be fixed?
Jack: Haha, I've no regrets!
Mike: I'm never spinning the wheel again.
Jay: Well, Jack, now that our lives are changed forever, it seems almost pointless to continue with the Wheel, but...
Jack: Great, let's go!
Jay: No, rules demand it, we have to spin one more time.
Jack: Fuck!
Jay: And I want you to spin the Wheel, Jack.
Jack: I hate you, too, Jay!
Jay: SOS?
Jack: Oh no!!
Jay: Someone send out an SOS for us, ‘cause we're gonna be watching...a monkey.
Jack: A monkey smoking a pipe!
Jay: In a suit, umm....a robot man.
Jack: Oh, no.
Jay: A guy setting another guy on fire with his...
Jack: I don't wanna.
Jay: ...magic hand powers.
Jack: I don't wanna...
Jay: And, and, and young love. I don't know what's happening.
Jack: What?
Jay: Let's go watch it.
Mike: Was that robot using the Shake Weight? Or masturbating?
Jay: That was the jerk off robot.
Mike: I'm getting a Japanese vibe so far, I'm not sure what is is.
Jack: Is this a music video?
Jay: What is this now?
Mike: That''s a fucking great question
Jack: So, it's about Ken Levine and his family...
Mike: Fred Levine.
Jack: It's about Teddy Levine and his family.
Jay: Ted Levine is the guy that plays the serial killer in Silence of the Lambs.
Jack: Ohh, yeah, and Ken Levine is...
Mike: The guy that tucks his dick between his legs?
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: Put the lotion in the basket or there will be no more airplane trips.
Jack: Ken Levine was the guy who won on Jeopardy?
Mike: No, that's Ken, um...
Rich: No, that's the BioShock guy.
Jack: He's the BioShock guy, it's a video game guy.
Rich: Le-veen or Le-vine or...
Jack: Ok whatever. It's about a family that takes an airpl-...
Mike: Ken Jennings!
Jack: It's Ken Jennings.
Mike: That's the Jeopardy champion.
Jay: Oh, okay.
Mike: Is there some kind of irony in remembering the Jeopardy champion's name?, as a trivia question? Who is Ken Jennings?
Rich: It is airplane pornography for children. You think he fucked up, I don't think he fucked up, I just think he didn't care. Yeah, hello, I, I'm stuck up here in a 747 and the pilot just had a heart attack...I've got a copy of your video here, Cleared for Takeoff, but I don't have a VCR to watch it in, I was hoping you could tell me how to land this plane, hold on, there's some turbulence. Ok, everyone, stay calm! Stay calm, it was just turbulence! Ok, if you can get back to me, with how you can land this plane, uhh, see how much gas I have, in the next 20 minutes, uh, we would really appreciate it here, thank you. Have a nice day.
Rich: Here's what was on the tape: there was 2001: A Fisher-Price Odyssey, there's smiley face brain and space computer, there was naked bull-man explodes.
Jay: That was my favorite.
Rich: And then there was A.A. Roberts makes an ass out of himself on camera, in front of garbage bags.
Mike: Yeah, we get it, you're a brain.
Jay: So then the next story is the, the cow head god? What is this one?
Rich: The fairy eye.
Jay: Oh, it was the fairy eye.
Jack: There was a wizard, and the wizard makes a fairy eye. It's an eyeball with fairy wings. And then the wizard sends the fairy eye through a teleportation nexus to see goblins worship a bull...goblin?
Mike: How do you know this?
Rich: Here's how you remember A.A.: Awful Animation.
Jay: Oh! That's pretty good.
Mike: Wow, that's great, that's good.
Jay: That's pretty good.
Mike: A.A. Roberts finally appears on camera and he looks exactly as we thought he might look, like a weird internet nerd with a goatee. Except he's not 300 pounds, he's, as I was thinking, and we can't tell if he smells, cuz it's a video.
Mike: Listen, let's not make fun of this guy, he has a passion for science fiction, animation, he did his best in 1997, maybe he's animating for Pixar now.
Rich: Pffft!
Mike: He should use those garbage bags and put his film inside them.
Jack: Does anyone speak this? Get ahold of us.
Jay: Does anyone speak Asian?
Mike: It's like they fell through a thrift store.
Rich: A Japanese pro-Christian, anti-evolution music video.
Mike: What is that?
Rich: Text saying that Darwin was wrong. This is the domestic abuse song.
Jack: So, anti-evolution, right, and then we're like, oh my god, it's full Christian and then, what was next?
Jay: The next was the anti-abortion video.
Rich: This is a, Japanese Christian music video.
Jay: Oh my god.
Rich: ...compilation.
Jack: Oh my god, you're totally right!
Mike: Oh god, she sees her little baby in the future. She's a ballerina.
Jay: Jesus Christ.
Jack: The first video is about like, woman in the workplace finds a man, this is, the second video...
Rich: Oh, my god!
Jack: ....a girl getting married, and an anti-evolution, and now anti-abortion.
Rich: There's no way this isn't winning! By the time you get to the third video, it's full Christian. I, I got a feeling they were just trying to ease you into it. The first video might not have anything to do with Christianity...
Mike: Just love and...
Rich: Just love, yeah, the first one is women shouldn't work. Women should stay home, cuz it, the first video is about a woman who's unhappy, because she's working. And then she leaves with a man, at the end, and then she's happy.
Jack: And also, the first video is definitely the single. Like, the first video is...
Jay: It's the title of the video.
Rich: Yeah, but here, the thing is, though, by the time you get to the end of the second video, the Chinese censors have given up watching it. And after the second video, you're free to throw in whatever crazy shit you want to put in there.
Mike: Gaaaughh! Hah!
Jay: That's how abortions work, you use exacto blades.
Mike: The Anti-Christ runs a supermarket.
Jack: It's a time capsule of crazy.
Mike: Notice, no barcode. But.I really...I didn't like SOS that much. Uh, there is some funny moments...it's just so creepy. Like.but I do have to pick it for best of the worst, because it is the best of the worst. 
Jack: Obviously, SOS is the best of the worst. I would like to put to a vote that we destroy Cleared for Takeoff as I find it offensive
Mike: But Cleared for Takeoff should crash and burn.Did I do that already?
Jack: You did that...the exact pun already.
Rich: Cleared for Takeoff is not cleared for takeoff.
Mike: Cleared for Takeoff should disappear, somewhere near Australia in the ocean. Who else has got something?
Jay: Cleared for Takeoff was horrible.
Jack: Guys, I think we all agree that Cleared for Takeoff is about to hit some turbulence.
Mike: Fortunately, this is a one-way flight, for Cleared for Takeoff.
