Feb 18, 2015
Alienator, Alien from the Deep, Hands of Steel
youtube.com/watch?v=z5PnYARAyUw
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/568041101455724544
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-alienator-alien-from-the-deep-and-hands-of-steel

Jack: What are you drinking?
Mike: Well, I was going to drink this Tom Green beer, but it’s all washed up.
Jack: Ohh...ho-ho-ho-ho! What are we watching today, Mike?
Mike: Uh, today, Jack, we’re going to watch, let’s see, we have horror, sci-fi, or action.
Jack: Ooh
Mike: I’ll let you pick, Jack.
Jack: I think we, I, I think...we, I think we should, I was thinking that we could go for some sci-fi!
Mike: Alright! Let’s move the skull. Now let’s just take the first three.
Jack: Perfect.
Mike: Right off the shelf.
Jack: Easy peasy.
Mike: What’s up first, Jack?
Jack: Is...Alienator! An android hunter from outer space is about to create hell on Earth .
Mike: Android hunter from outer space...
Jack: Alienator from deep space, the deadliest animal...is still women.
Mike: What?
Jack: Woman.
Mike: Oh!
Jack: Is still woman. In deep space, the deadliest animal is still woman.
Mike: Okay, so it i-, w-, it is confirmed that it’s a, it’s a woman.
Jack: This is a woman.
Mike: Okay.
Jack: Whoa, wrestler.
Jay: That, that has to be a wrestler. Oh, no. Did I miss excitement?
Rich: Not really.
Jack: It’s a futuristic fight to the finish when the commander of a space station prison takes on galactic archvillain Kol
Mike: This is based on a true story?
Jack: Yah, you know, with like, android hunter from outer space, the arm thing, I think this might have taken a cue from the Metroid video game series.
Mike: Ohhh, okay.
Jack: You’re a hunter and you got a little arm gun. Uh, when Kol escapes on the verge of his execution, the commander has no choice but to unleash...the Alienator! Kol’s shuttle crash lands on Earth, and the injured alien is befriended by Armstrong.
Mike: What’s Kol’s last name? Is is Slaw?
Jack: Ohhh...
Mike: That sounded a little shook .
Jack: This very secure prison.
Rich: The most secure prison!
Jay: Is this just like a garage somewhere .
Jack: It is. They filmed this in a storage unit.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: That, that’s the...
Jay: You can see the light on the wall. That’s amazing. I love it.
Jack: Uh, Sargent Kol Lonoscopy, ehh lands on Earth.
Mike: Did you just, you pulled that out of your ass, didn’t you?
Jack: That was a great joke, Mike! That was really good. But the Alienator is hot on his trail. She’s determined to capture her prey even if it means blowing away everything and everyone that gets in her way.
Mike: What escapes? Something from a space prison?
Jack: Kol.
Mike: Kol is the guy who escaped from a space prison. Okay.
Jack: Kol. So Kol starts off as the bad guy, the Alienator’s the good guy capturing the bad guy, but then she goes crazy on Earth
Mike: Alright, well, sounds like a little bit Terminator, and a little bit, uh, uh, Critters? I think they’re Critters, yeah. And a little bit, uh, Gene Simmons. Is this an outtake?
Jack: What’s next, Mike?
Mike: Well, let’s see. It’s a DVD.
Jack: Ooh.
Mike: Uh, Alien from the Deep.
Jack: Hmm.
Mike: Wow. Uh, looks like Predator?....With a lobster claw. This, this, uh, oh god, there’s a ton of words on the back.
Jack: I know reading isn’t your strong suit.
Mike: Uh, somewhere deep in the jungle a chemical corporation dumps tons of toxic waste in a still active volcano. Well this is off to a great start! Two environmentalists try to expose these illegal ways of getting rid of hugely dangerous waste. But they get caught by vigilantes working for the company.
Jack: Ooh.
Mike: Wow okay. How does it, wha-, a volcano has nothing to do with the deep. This is an underwater volcano? That’d be a lot of effort to dump toxic waste in an underwater volcano.
Jack: The toxic goo starts at the magma, then it goes all the way down.
Mike: To come to think of it, inside a volcano, like an active volcano is a great way to get rid of toxic waste.
Jack: Probably not.
Mike: The super-hot Maria ‘Guila Cavelli’ manages to escape, and she is savaged by a snake farmer. Who lives alone in the jungle.
Jack: S-, so one of the hippies, who tried to protect the volcano gets raped by a snake farmer.
Mike: Yes.
Jack: It’s great, it’s great.
Mike: Oh! I’m sorry, I, ahh, completely different, uh, connotation here, I, I...did I say savaged?
Jack: You said savaged.
Mike: Okay, saved. So I was wondering why they would work together to bring down the company after she was savaged by him, but, I, I misread saved
Jack: That, yeah, very...
Mike: So, yeah, okay, so she’s saved by a snake farmer
Jack: Great
Mike: Together they try to bring down the company but it’s too late. Years of chemical poisoning have spawned a deadly monster. That has set out to exact revenge on the humans that have unknowingly brought him to life, now. I don’t know how radiation creates that, but I think that’s what they’re saying...would you want to bet that this thing does not appear in the film at all? That this is just some stupid cover, much, much like ROTOR?
Jack: This robot creature appears...
Mike: Yeah, it’s just gonna be a guy in like, a rubber suit that looks terrible.
Jack: I mean I would kind of love that, no, that does not appear in the movie’s would be my guess.
Mike: Yeah, I’m gonna, I’m gonna guess that as well.
Jack: Because, like I get the, the lobster thing, right? ‘Cause it’s like radiation goes into the ocean and makes mutant lobsters, but why is it a robot lobster?
Mike: Alien from the Deep is one of the most beloved Italian rip-offs. A wildly entertaining ride, the movie is an inventive crossover where lots of different genres and styles are mixed.
Jack: A rip-off of what?
Mike: I don’t know Loads of gore and action, plenty of bloody shootouts. A hugely entertaining monster, the infamous, quote, Big Claw. So.
Jack: There’s at least a claw.
Mike: Yeah. And some very titillating moments courtesy of stunning Miss Cavalli. What more could you ask for?
Mike: What’s next?
Jack: Next on our list is Hands...of Steel.
Jack: You know what’s weird, is like all the movies have a, like, a thing on their arm.
Mike: That’s right.
Jack: And I know we kind of chose these just at random, just like the first three...
Mike: They were the first three on the shelf.
Jack: And...but they all have things on their arms, so this is the sci-fi things on your arm Best of the Worst.
Mike: It’s a good thing we didn’t pick four movies, ‘cause the scariest movie is next, May West in Sextette. Just as frightening as the lobster monster, what’s Hands of Steel all about?
Jack: Feel the grip...of Futureworld action.
Mike: Okay, I’m feeling it.
Jack: Yep. Falcon Crest’s Daniel Greene stars in the sci-fi stunner set in the bleak Futureworld...of 1997.
Mike: Oh-ho that was a pretty bleak Futureworld.
Rich: You have no future.
Mike: Inspiring message from our dictator.
Jay: I appreci-, I appreciate his honesty. You know it’s the future cuz of tube.
Mike: Oh, my god.
Jack: You know...
Rich: It’s just like Space Cop.
Jack: Silver dryer exhaust tubing.
Jay: That, that’s worse than anything in Space Cop. This is like an apartment!
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: What is happening?
Jack: The Earth is bleached and battered by toxic gases and acid rain. The human race teeters on the verge of extinction! Only one lone scientist to give mankind hope. Paco Querek (Greene) is a superstrong half-man, half-machine cyborg, hired to terminate the scientist. He must outsmart and outbattle him in a true test of brawn. Uh, John Saxton, (A Nightmare on Elm Street) co-stars as the ruthless programmer determined to finish the mission. His goal could mean utter disaster. When metal meshes with man, when the planet reels with ecological horror, the fate of the world may rest in.
Mike: Hands of Steel?
Jack: Hands of Steel! Nice one, Mike.
Mike: That’s, that’s, that’s a very well-written synopsis on the back.
Jack: Yeah, I felt pretty good about that.
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: I think, like, if you, if you look at the back here, the guy on the back...has no, like, hint of cyborgyness.
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: And sothe question then remains is will we ever see.
Mike: My guess is that it’s internal cyborgness.
Jack: Sure.
Mike: And, and he’s sort of like Terminator. And this is probably a rip-off of that, does it say the year? Um, and we never see that, ever, cuz that looks like someone’s artwork.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: That is not in the movie at all.
Jack: 1986.
Mike: Okay. That’s exactly perfect.
Jack: Yeah, so you don’t think we’re gonna, are we gonna see any robotness besides like, robovision, obviously we’ll see robovision
Mike: We’ll we robovision, hmm, they might do some bad makeup effects where his skin’s ripped and we see a little piece of metal, but we’re not gonna see that gauntlet on his arm, with all these mechanisms, ‘cause that’s just some BS on the cover, same with the lobster man.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: The lobster man’s gonna be a shitty rubber suit.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: And it’s not gonna look as awesome as that.
Jack: That’s true.
Mike: And then, what was our first movie? I don’t even remember, Alienator?
Jack: Aliena-tor, that’s with the lady with the gun arm.
Mike: Okay. That looks like crap so that’ll probably in the movie.
Jack: You think the gun arm’s in the movie?
Mike: Yeah. Yeah, it’ll look like crap, all this is crap.
Jay: And Alienator...uh, starts, there’s a pre-credits sequence, which, I think, if the movie ended after that pre-credits sequence it would probably be the best movie we’ve watched on Best of the Worst. So, that opening credits sequence, we’re introduced to Jan-Michael Vincent, who apparently had a drinking problem, right, Rich?
Jay: That guy, he sounds really angry to be in this movie.
Mike: He sounds liquored up.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Have you, have you, have you seen a picture of this man lately? 
Mike: Oh, he’s still alive...
Rich: He’s ready for the tombstone. Oh, he, he looks like Hell warmed over. He looks like, he looks like the homeless man...
Mike: Is that an old man expression? Like hell warmed over? Where did you, did you just make up that expression?
Rich: No!
Mike: Grandpa, have you taken your medicine today?
Rich: Yeah!
Mike: Grandpa...
Rich: Yeah!.
Mike: That was awfully risky.
Jay: I feel like we say for some reason a lot on Best of the Worst.
Rich: Because it’s an accurate description. These movies don’t explain things well.
Mike: What I would’ve enjoyed is, if she, her little computer thing said non-threatening to the deer, and then when she was petting the deer, just, r'auughhh!
Jay: Wow, we’ve learned a lot from Alienator.
Jack: It’s really great.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: I feel good about...
Mike: And I wanna know where Jan-Michael Vincent gets his hairspray.
Jack: Army surplus store?
Mike: Yeah. Home Depot?
Rich: That’s rubber cement.
Mike: Yeah, exactly, it’s like...
Jack: Beautiful.
Mike: It’s in case he gets hit in the head with a hammer. From a, from an assassin, you know.someone sneaks up on him, and the hammer head breaks off.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: It’s a stealth helmet.
Mike: You hit my hair. Uh...so, Jay! Would you recommend Alienator?
Jay: The, we’re not on Half in the Bag, that’s not how this works...
Mike: Oh, shit!
Jack: That’s not how this show works.
Mike: They’re, they’re giant, like, stonewashed mom jeans.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Basically.
Jack: They’re beyond mom jeans, they’re like single lesbian grandma jeans.
J: The movie’s not about...her butt.
Jack: No.
Rich: It kind of is.
Jay: I’m convinced that the whole, his whole motivation for this, is that he just wants to impress her, with his camcorder
Rich: He’s clearly in the friendzone.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: And then she doesn’t even care when he throws himself off a cliff, because he’s infected with toxic goo.
Jack: He, he sacrificed himself to save her, and she’s like fuck that guy. This new guy has fashionable stubble.
Rich: But as, apparently, as opposed to just having a giant evil claw, it’s also covered in, like, mutagen acid.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Because it melts friendzone guy’s arm, and then it melts snake man’s shotgun.
Jay: Hmm.
Rich: Like it just melts the shotgun! Which is when he thinks to just start throwing bullets at it.
Jay: The worst part about getting infected by this mutagen is that, uh, when you’re in the midst of death, you turn into a dummy
Rich: Ohhh...the head came off!
Jay: Oh yeah, we didn’t mention that! The scientist in this movie is the old man from Yor: Hunter from the Future.
Mike: Grandpa #2.
Jay: Grandpa #2, all these movies have grandpas.
Rich: Th-, there’s a theme of grandpas of diminishing effectiveness.
Jay: Yes.
Rich: Throughout these movies.
Jay: That’s true.
Jack: These movies have several interconnecting pieces and one of them is grandpas.
Mike: No, no theme between all three other than bad. Shit has hit the fan. And, uh, she gets splashed with goo, and that’s like you have goo on your shirt, you know, you better get into...
Rich: You better take a shower.
Mike: You better get into the wet t-shirt machine. And then it becomes...it’s despicable.
Rich: There was an Italian man saying. I want to see boobies! Come on, take off your shirt!
Jack: So, the incredibly important tape, the hippie gives it up...with, you know, so, poof, all that plot is gone.
Jay: Yep.
Mike: He throws it into the volcano.
Jack: He throws it into the volcano, right.
Jay: And you realize all this was pointless.
Jack: But there are still witnesses.
Mike: Yeah, sure.
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jack: But he lets them go...for some reason. This, this is a man who has killed his own men for doing nothing worse than falling in a hole.
Jack: You dick!
Rich: Why do they have all these holes around here?
Jay: Pffft!
Rich: His final words are great.
Jay: What’d he say?
Rich: God damn you, Colonel! Well, this is, see, this is the sliding scale of grandpa effectiveness, right? 
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Colonel Grandpa saves the day.
Jay: Mm-mmm.
Rich: Then Colonel Grandpa runs out with his hydrogen f-...
Jay: Not Colonel Grandpa, Grandpa Yor!
Mike: Scientist Grandpa!
Rich: Okay, okay...Colonel Scientist saves the day...
Mike: Colonel Grandpa.
Rich: Scien-, oh god. Colonel Grandpa saves the day with good old American machine guns that were made in Russia.and then Grandpa Yor runs in to save the day with a hydrogen flame thrower, falls down and dies. They died of cancer three years later.
Jack: Hands of Steel! The third of our sci-fi movies with a thing on their arm.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: Not so much sci-fi-ey, little more action-schlocky. Mike! You get the honor.
Mike: Well, from the fine folks at Lightning Video comes Hands of Steel, starring Tim Tebow...as Man.
Jay: Action Man.
Mike: As Action Man...
Jay: Robot Action Man.
Rich: Did he kick him in the nuts really hard?
Jack: Ha ha, what?
Jay: I felt the sensation of getting punched in the balls.
Grandpa: It wasn’t especially large, but it felt hard.
Jack: He, he, he fucked his spleen. 
Mike: The computer figured it out.
Jay: Ughh.
Jack: Can I just say that you are horrible at synopsises.
Mike: Well...
Jay: Oh, this is depressing.
Jack: These are actual homeless...
Jay: Yeah, you could tell it’s just, um, guerilla style shots.
Rich: I think that footage of homeless men, they gave Jan-Michael Vincent a camera and they told him to film his friends.
Jack: In the mid 80s they started hiring stuntmen as their lead actors.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: Or martial arts guys.
Rich: Errol Flynn did his own stunts.
Jack: No one gets your old man references.
Rich: That man can swordfight, goddammit!
Mike: Well, there’s our fourth grandpa right here.
Rich: I know this because I’ve seen The Rocketeer, which also makes me an old man.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Jack: It’s true, both of these things are true.
Mike: The Rocke-who?
Rich: I get it, I get it.
Jay: That was a reference to the movie.
Mike: These guys...these Tim Tebow characters, or whoever this guy’s name is, Paco, whatever his real name is, I don’t know. S-, Greene something? These guys are a dime a dozen, and this guy’s...
Jay: You can find buff guys.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: In L.A. you can find buff guys.
Jack: How, how do you know that?
Rich: I’m not sayin’ anything.
Jack: Jay, you seem to know a lot about buff guys in L.A.
Jay: Listen...
Rich: And Jack takes the obvious joke.
Jack: One of us had to! I take no shame in that .
Mike: So! Where can we find these buff guys in L.A.?
Jay: Oh, let me tell ya. There’s several, several underpasses.
Jack: That was a good one.
Jay: I don’t know.
Jack: I liked that.
Jay: I don’t know.
Mike: It’s a little bar called the Manhole.
Jay: We need to talk about...after Raul loses the, uh, uh, uh, arm wrestling match, he devises a plan to get even with Cyborg Man, which, uh, relies on lots and lots of coincidences that he could not anticipate .
Mike: And allows those backstabbing Native Americans to break their promise.
Jay: Yeah, yeah, there’s this Native American couple that calls to the diner.
Mike: They want to get back for all those smallpox blankets that Jay gave them. Oh, not you, your ancestors.
Jay: My ancestors. Okay. I do have some Native American in me, actually.
Mike: That’s only when you’re at the Manhole.
Rich: Look, the device’s only purpose is to determine gender. That’s all it does.
Jack: How many men and women are in this building?
Rich: It’s the Tranny Tracker 5000.
Mike: Yeah!
Jay: Yeah, use your fists of steel!
Jack: Rip his head off!! Rip his fucking head off!
Jay: He’s not going to.
Mike: That would be so awesome if he did.
Jay: Is he just crushing his head? Awww...
Mike: Alien from the Deep, also, it had a giant lifeless puppet, and this one also had a giant, lifeless puppet...it was our main actor
Jack: So now is the time...
Jay: Yes.
Jack: We need to figure out which is the best of the worst.
Rich: Hands of Steel.
Mike: Really? No, the best of the worst.
Jack: But, now we get to the important part of the show, which is...do we feel like any of these...
Rich: Hands of Steel.
