Mar 23, 2015
Blood Debts, The Tomb, Undefeatable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NTaoheLMvM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt-bm6rdb2o&t=43m22s
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/580125908339712000
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-blood-debts-the-tomb-and-undefeatable

So, Josh--
What?
What are we watching today?
Oh!
Well, we’re watching three action movies today
How exciting
Yes!
What action movies are watching?
Well, the first one we’re gonna watch is called Blood Debts!
*Movie #1 Blood Debts*
“An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, he is the jury, the judge, and the executioner,” end of quotes, exclamation point
Okay!
Bad grammar. Alright, umm, so what we have on the front here, we’ve got, um...mustachioed fella with like a track jacket and, uh, a giant….
He has four arms
He does! Got three muzzles, four arms...and one glorious mustache
I--I wanna see a movie about an action man with four arms now, three on one side
I know
What would you call that?
Ganesh?
Tri-Punch!
Tri-Punch…
Triple Fist!
No, Triple First is a whole different kind of--”vengeance in the tradition of Death Wish,” we’re gonna have a bad time. “Following the brutal gang rape and murder of his daughter, ex Vietnam vet Richard Harrison sets out to execute the perpetrators of this heinous crime. Outraged, he becomes a one-man vigilante squad set on putting an end to other criminals who cross his path.” Other criminals. So he’s a criminal
Technically, vigilantes...are criminal
That’s a fair point. Uh, “when his wife disappears, he is contacted by her kidnappers and told that there are numerous unpunished criminals on the loose, and after he kills them, his wife will be released.”So the kidnappers want him to do what he’s doing
Okay! That’s convenient
It really is. Uh, “Harrison then goes into a killing frenzy--until he realizes that the people who kidnapped his wife head up the biggest crime syndicate of all. He must then put an end to them and save his wife--single-handedly”
That sounds wonderfully generic
It really does, I think….I think we’re---I--I really think we’re just gonna feel bad...after watching this movie given….the plot and the picture, and it’s unrated. 
This lady’s getting attacked by all these people, this is--this is rape…
Ohhh they put it on the back of the box
There’s that giant gun, which I’m looking forward to that. And then, uh, this fella’s just...getting all fucked...by this gun
That’s fine (?)
Alright. 
Alright, so that’s that
Let’s go watch Blood Debts!
Come on!
Ow!
Ow, my back, I can’t get up!
Okay.
Okay.
Come on!
Okay, let’s--let’s go watch Blood Debts
That was some pretty good acting
This is--this is what happens to me every time I try to have a picnic
So, no offense, man, but you’re old as fuck, why are you going after someone who’s like, half your age? 
Oh--there we go
Should’ve started with the gun
He wanted it to be personal (?) I--I don’t know
Don’t make excuses for him
Alright, Josh…
That was the movie
Our next movie is…
Indiana Jones and the Tomb!
I don’t remember that one…
Wait, it just says “The Tomb”?
Oh
*Movie #2 The Tomb*
Uh, starring….Cameron Mitchell
Now, I wanna get excited. I wanna get excited about that, but we’ve been steered wrong before, however, he is top billed
He is top billed
Top billed
Right next to John Carradine.
And Michelle Bauer, whatever. Sybill Danning, David Pearson, who gives a fuck about any of these people? Alright, The Tomb. “From within the isolated shadows of an Egyptian tomb, a legendary demon comes to avenge those who stole her sacred treasure”
Kay
"Grave robbers journey to Egypt and violate an ancient tomb!”
Hmm-mhm
“Which unleashes the fury of an immortal Egyptian princess!” Lots of, lots of demons and whatnot
That’s great
That is great. “Using her evil mystic powers, she follows them to Los Angeles, seeking her revenge.” So, there’s probably going to be--
Wow
--a kickass opening sequence in Egypt, then most of the movie’s gonna take place in L.A. with the people wandering around wondering who’s a demon
Hmm-mm
Probably
“She destroys the thieves and ultimately threatens eternal life itself.”
That’s not much of a threat
She threatens eternal life?
Yeah. “I will make you live forever!”
Oh no…
Nooo, don’t do that! Uh, “man’s courage is pitted against her evil powers in a Battle of Will against mysticism. This action adventure stars Cameron Mitchell, John Carradine, and Sybill Danning. Color, 84 minutes”
Oh! Okay, good
A--a--a news update
Yes?
This is directed by the man who did Alienator
That means nothing to me
It should.
It should, Josh
Okay
I’m gonna go watch the movie
Don’t fall over again
Oh, plot twist, I didn’t!
Alright, so our final movie for today is…
Undefeatable 
Alright
*Movie #3 Undefeatable*
Is Undefeatable
Spoilers!
So it’ll be the best movie
Okay
‘Cause you can’t beat it. Uhh, “out of the ring, into the fire, in a fight to the finish”
You may as well just call your movie “The Good Guy Wins”
“A brutal killer ignites the fight of a lifetime. Karate champion and martial arts superstar Cynthia Rothrock--” remember Cynthia Rothrock?
Was she in The Flintstones?
“Cynthia Rothrock rips into action against a serial killer, facing her most dangerous opponent ever!”
Ever.
“Struggling to put young sister Karen through college--”
College is her worst opponent.
Her worst opponent ever.
“Struggling to put young sister Karen through college, martial arts expert Kristi Jones (Rothrock) earns fast cash by competing in illegal back alley matches."
"But Kristi’s rough and tumble life takes a terrifying turn when Karen falls prey to a savage killer!”
Oh my god!
“As the police working the case discover a trail of murder victims, their only clue is the killer’s grisly trademark, an unusual martial arts technique known as the Chinese Dragon Claw!”
Uhh, “teaming up with a streetwise police detective (John Miller) Kristi sets out to avenge her sister’s death and must fight for her life against the most lethal adversary imaginable”
College?
College.
“1993, color, 95 minutes”
Okay!
Rated R
Oh, good!
For (?) situations
Oh. Oh!
Like college
Boobs
College
Boobs--
College boobs
That’s acceptable. That’s preferable, actually. I wouldn’t wanna see old folks home boobs
Not in the movie (?)
That’d be rated X
Alright, alright, let’s--let’s watch the best movie...it cannot be beaten, is Undefeatable
Alright!
What--what--AHHH--
It’s a commercial for how durable mom jeans are
Ah, the tall butts of the early 90s
Yes, listen carefully. My name’s Kristi Jones, and I need you to get a message to Sergeant Nick DeMarco immediately
Or anybody
Or just any--any police officer...
If Nick’s there, that’s cool, if not, just…
Send a bunch of cops to the (?) building
They’ll never guess what’s happening there
You’d--you’d think the cops would just hang around the (?) building
Yeah, yeah 
They order ten thousand pounds of packaging peanuts every day
When--when your gun and rape club is just wandering around the forest, looking for people to gun up or rape, some fried chicken is gonna be a casualty
Is that the Batman transition?
His shirt tied up? (?) That’s not American. Look at both of their--they have their shirts tied up
Yeah
What the fuck is that?
At one point Blood Debt’s wife is kidnapped
But then we have a long stretch of the movie...20, 30 minutes, where the wife is not mentioned at all
It’s no problem, they gave me a bit of a lead
*Blood Debt’s wife is currently being held hostage*
Christ. You just ruined my day
Sorry
Remember how your wife’s kidnapped?!
Any time there’s a woman in this movie, who’s...who doesn’t have an escort, it’s like the rapists all just start creeping out of the woodwork
Uh, what’s Mark’s wife’s name?
Uh, Mark’s wife
Correct
Yes. It’s a completely coincidental name
He was very lucky to marry somebody whose name was Mark’s wife
“What’s your name?” “I’m Mark’s wife”
You know...the--the--the action scenes weren’t particularly good
No
No
The most you could say is that people got shot
Consistently pushing Blood Debt too far never worked well for anybody
No
And they do not learn that lesson...throughout the entire film
But it’s ok, ‘cause they have a special device to deal with Blood Debt…..they have the Super Nintendo Super Scope
As seen on the front cover…
As seen on the front cover
Are you sure that wasn’t the purple space bazooka? 
There’s a badass bazooka that has an uncanny ability.
It makes everyone jump!
Someday I wanna be able to say “recruit more pimps.”
I’ve never said that in a serious conversation
Well, this was the worst movie that we’ve ever seen.
I’ll speak for all of us
You know what we never see in the movie?.....That hat 
No
No
That hat never shows up--that hat is a complete fabrication
Look, that’s Cameron Mitchell
In--in this movie, he’s actually on the phone, and you could see him reading his dialogue. Looking down and reading his dialogue
I don’t have a problem with that
Cameron Mitchell should’ve been the--the sexy vampire
Sold. I’d watch that. I’d watch that
The second they open the sarcophagus and he’s in there. And he’s drunk…
“I’m gonna suck all your blood!”
It’s a requirement, to liquor him up before filming his scenes. Yeah. Yeah
Do you think that, like, in that scenario, if they opened it up then he’d tell them to “close the damn door!”?
"Dr. Mayonnaise?"
Mayonnaise?
To me, the most important scene of the movie is Grandma Stripper
Shit, girl.
I bet you got back problems
It was maybe the worst thing we’ve ever watched
Yep
I think it was, I think…
The funny part is, only 84 minutes long, and it felt like 5 hours long
Oh my god, he just had--uh, cataract surgery
Shockingly accurate, you--you missed one key feature: in the universe of Undefeatable, every man, woman, child, and therapist knows Kung Fu
Everybody knows Kung Fu
Even the psychiatrist?
He’s a violent psychopath who likes ripping people’s eyes out
Why(?) he’s got so many eyes in so many fish tanks 
It’s just the one fish tank, Josh. He only has one fish tank
That’s enough
That’s one too many
What….
He hasn’t collected enough eyes yet to nessisate--nessitate two
You think you can get there?
Try that again
He hasn’t collected enough eyes yet to nessitate two
You think you can get there? 
“Necessitate”
Necessitate.
Do you want another beer, Rich?
Nessitate
Nessi--huh?
It’s “necessitate”
Necessitate
Somebody...
You’re missing a whole syllable
He doe--he doesn’t have enough eyes yet to necessisate--ness et--ne--
Fuck it!
Fuck it, I’m done!
I hate you people
I know you do
Why am I here?
I know you hate us, especially me, but I want you--
I could be working at a tollbooth
Ah--that would be preferable
Could you get that job?
Hohohohohoho!
Oh, no, I didn’t mean that as an insult, I meant--
Oh!
Damn!
Ohhhhh…..
Goodbye!
Well I guess Rich was Defeatable
Ohh.
That’s true
And then, our other character is...Cynthia Rothrock?
Hmm-mhm
And she is a street fighter, who is a waitress who earns money by.....it’s almost like touch football…
Kinda
-equivalent of--of what--what, uh, Stingray does…
If you fall--
Once you push some guy on the ground, you win!
It’s the tamest street fight ever
Nobody seems to bleed or really be injured that badly
So the bloody duels to the death take place in some kind of facility boxing ring with--with boxing gloves
Yeah
And then the--the--the tame street fights take place in a dirty alley
It’s--it’s like the touch football version of street fighting
That’s what he just said
That’s what Mike just said
He just said that
Aww, goddammit
He said that two seconds ago
So that (?) really good show...I mean….thanks everyone for watching Best of the Worst and uh--
The last episode
We just can’t do it anymore, we’re done
Uh, so the--the--the expert that they call in about uh, uh, like, grips...he knows only 3 people in the U.S. that know this particular grip, and it turns out that none of these 3 people are the person that is actually killing everybody
And--and they all live in a 1 mile radius--
They’re all just--
Which is very convenient for the police investigation
Yeah, yeah. They’re all just right there. And one guy has been out of town for a month, one guy is in a wheelchair, and then the third guy just gets beat up for his troubles
Why are they taking on--
Because fuck the police
Why are they taking on faith that the one guy’s been out of town for a month? Maybe he--maybe he’s not out of town, maybe he’s been running around killing all these women. They just, they just kind of take that for granted
That’s good police work right there...
Yeah
Rich
Yeah
Is what that is
That’s, that’s real world police work
Well, maybe, like, he would be a suspect but the--the--it went--it went dead, the trail went dead there, I think you can’t do anything more, so they’re--they’re checking out their leads
Hmmkay
It’s fine
Quit making excuses for the cops
And then they all end up in the basement where the final battle happens, and they’re--and, uhh, police guy and Stingray are beating the shit out of each other, and then Cynthia Rothrock comes back in and starts beating the shit out of him, and then there is a hook just kind of situated on the wall--
Wait, woah, woah, before we get there…
What?
We need to talk about shirtless dudes
And we get awesome flexing and top bodies...
I’ve learned there are a lot of buff dudes in L.A.
Yeah--
So they get all greased up, and, and basically just kind of...slap their meat together for a little bit, which is wonderful
Was it you that said, while we were watching, there was a couple of t-bones just--
That’s all it is, just meat clacking
Couple of--couple of meat slabs going at it, and, you know, it’s a shame that’s the climax of our film
Oh, it’s not
Cynthia Rothrock…
Rich, did you just say “meat slabs” and “climax” in the same sentence?
Yes, I did. Yes, I did, Mike
This poor guy is hoisted up by his fucking skull, and then just goes away…
Did you just call the rapist who’s been murdering innocent women a “poor guy”?
I did!
And then there’s been this kind of running joke about, uh, her gang can’t get into college because their IQs are too high 
Ah ha ha! And then Cynthia Rothrock turns around and says, “well, guess what, I actually did enroll you in college against your will, and you start Monday”
"Go ahead and laugh, I enrolled you guys."
"You all start Monday"
What?
And then she kind of ha ha ha, and they say, wh--aren’t you gonna go to college? She--pshh, no, I’m not gonna go to college, and then her cop boyfriend’s like “I--I’ve--I’ve enrolled you in college, and you start on Monday!”
And that’s not how college works--
College for everyone!
Everybody college
And in the theater Oprah Winfrey shows up and says, “and you’re going to college! And you’re going to college!”
So, high pants, you gotta oil yourself up…
Yeah
And, uhh…
That’s how you defeat a rapist
Yeah. And hanging him on a hook, by his eye
Is that what happens on To Catch A Predator? I’ve never watched that show
Yeah, I think it’s unanimous. Actually, I want to unwatch the movie, if at all possible 
You said you had ideas on this earlier?
I think I’ve got a little plan, how we might just unwatch this movie
After introducing our third tape, for no good reason at all, Rich Evans smacked the other two tapes, sending them crashing down to the floor. Unfortunately, this broke important internal mechanisms inside the Blood Debts tape, damaging what might be the last copy of the movie known to exist in the universe. Faced with a strong desire to watch a Filipino rape film, Josh performed the world’s first VHS reel transfer, in order to save the film
Using the case from an even more worthless tape, the Blood Debt reels were successfully transplanted. And except for some early tracking problems, the tape played perfectly.
Well, how come he knew that...we...we were after his ass?
We got the tape that will work 
Alright
Nothing rattles
Okay, let’s try it 
In order to unwatch The Tomb, Josh again performs a reel transplant. This time, inverting the tape so that it plays backwards. Hopefully, when we watch the film in reverse in its entirety, we can forget ever having seen this nightmare of a shitfuck film
Hey guys, what did you think of The Tomb?
The what?
