May 27, 2015
Wheel of the Worst #8 - Let’s Sing and Dance Music Video, Twentieth Anniversary Geritol Follies, Learn Gun Safety with Eddie Eagle 
youtube.com/watch?v=X0wdZHNwV7s
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/603804609799442433
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-8

Jay: Alright, Jack, it looked like you guys were having just a little too much fun on that last Best of the Worst, uh, Filipino action movies, and Undefeatable and all that…
Jack: Super great stuff
J: For some reason, nobody invited me, so I think--I think we need to do a Wheel episode now
[Silence]
JK: Ok
J: Jack, this is your first time introing the Wheel, right?
JK: I, I--Unless you pull up footage right now of me doing this before, I believe this is my first time
J: That we’ve all forgotten about, it’s entirely possible. Uh, well, why don’t you tell us what’s on the Wheel?
JK: Ok, first we have Farm Safety Family Style
J: “13:43”
JK: They year that it takes place, perhaps?
J: It’s possible, this is the only hold out now, from previous Wheels, so it’s a mystery tape
J: Next up we have “Let’s Sing and Dance Music Video. Original contemporary songs dealing with timely messages.” Are these the names of the songs?
JK: Yeah, they look like the names of the songs, that’s awesome
J: “Don’t do drugs, best friends, numbers, don’t talk to strangers--” these, these are very direct titles, they should be a little more artistic with their approach 
JK: I like how there’s like, bigger concepts, like, you know be careful when you’re outside, um, drugs are bad for you, and 1, 2, 3!
J: And it’s just numbers, you know. And I think these kids are old enough to know their numbers
JK: I don’t know…
J: Is there an alphabet song on here, too?
JK: [Turns the Wheel] Ohhhh man, speaking of sing and dance, Rock ‘N Learn Multiplication Rap, with, what appears to be, a elderly white male. “Learn quickly and easily with these cool videos”
J: Oh no, wait
JK: What?
J: “Doctor Toy winner. 10 best video products”? I wouldn’t trust anyone names Doctor Toy, that sounds like a--like a guy with a van with tinted windows and tries to lure children in [A picture appears of a white van with “Doctor Toy’s Creep Van” written on the side with Jay in the driver’s seat] “I’m Doctor Toy.” Next up we have, uh, Home Alone: A Kid’s Guide to Playing It Safe When You’re On Your Own, uh, hosted by Malcolm-Jamal Warner of The Cosby Show. Oh, it’s by High Tops Video. They put out the, uh--do you remember My  Pet Monster?
JK: Not at all
J: The little fuzzy monster with the chains that pulled apart?
JK: Sure, those were awesome
J: There was a live-action movie and it was produced by High Tops Video, so if that’s the kind of quality we’re in for…
Boy in the movie: Actually, that’s my pet monster. Grotesque, isn’t it?
Girl: It’s disgusting!
JK: Where can we get this movie?
J: We do need a copy
JK: I wanna watch that
Boy: It’s a joke, right?
JK: Ok, we have Unique Birthday Party Fun And Variety Show
J: This is when you don’t want to throw an actual birthday party for your kids, you just sit them in front of the TV and put this on
JK: “Professional birthday party entertainment, guests create their own balloon puppets”?!
J: Oh, shit, we don’t have balloons!
JK: Let’s go get balloons!
J: We need balloons for this one
JK: Wow! (?)
Mike: [From behind the camera] We have condoms
J: Do we still have condoms?
M: A LOT OF THEM [Jay laughs]
J: So next up, rest in peace, we have Y2K Family Survival Guide, hosted by Leonard Nimoy
M: It’s a good thing it wasn’t called C.O.P.D. Survival Guide
J: Ohh…
JK: That’s in poor taste [Jay starts laughing then Jack laughs] Learn Gun Safety with Eddie Eagle? Oh my god, hosted by Jason Priestley...Priestley
J: Pries--Priestley. Jason Priestley
JK: Priestley. Hosted by Jason Priestley, a gun safety video for children
J: For kids, that’s the confusing part--it’s--it--I’m assuming Eddie Eagle’s animated, and he has all these children around him, but--
JK: Oh no, that’s gonna be a guy in a eagle suit, I think. Like a bad mask on?
J: Ooh, that would be great. Either way, why are we teaching children gun safety?
JK: The question is, is this like, NRA “shoot the bad guy!” or is this like, “don’t touch a gun, ever”?
J: I have a feeling the video will not be encouraging children to shoot anybody, but that’s just a guess
JK: What if, someone breaks into their house and they have to shoot someone?
J: Well, that’s understandable, then. And lastly, we have Twentieth Anniversary, Giritol Follies, 1975 to 1995
M: “Geritol”
J: Geritol? What is it?
M: “Geritol”
J: Geritol. What did I say? Twentieth Anniversary, Geritol Follies, 1975 to 1995. I don’t know, this was a Mike decision
JK: Passing the buck already
J: I--yeah
Old commercial narrator: Geritol, America’s number one iron and vitamin supplement
J: It may be amazing, I don’t know what’s going to happen, but they got a golf cart. Old women in golf carts  it’s like--you’re asking for a good time
JK: “Geritol Follies,” so you can assume there’s gonna be this sort of comedy/dance routines?
J: I--I don’t know what to expect. Other than flashy costumes, I don’t know
Rich: Old women forgetting who their children are

[6:55] M: [Sighs]
J: I was about to say, “where’s the music?”

[7:01] M: They’re trying to break their own necks

[7:14] J: Oh, she’s playing the keyboard
M: The air keyboard. Or she’s--has palsy

[7:46] M: It’s not your part. Just shut the fuck up…..you smirking little bitch

[8:14] R: The National Center for Missing And Exploited Children, ask if they can give you one
JK: You might get put on a list

[8:25] [At the Wheel] JK: Fuck!
M: So, Jack?
JK: Fuck!
M: How do you feel about your first spin on the Wheel?
JK: I remember why I hated the Wheel of the Worst. Not everything can be SOS

[10:09] J: I like(???) the pathetic little light show in the background
R: Well, they can’t do anything too exciting. They gotta watch their blood pressure

[11:03] M: [In an old lady voice] “I’m wearing these gloves ‘cause my skin fell off”

[11:38] M: “The light from the next life is calling me”

[11:54] [Mike is leaning on a walker, Rich is in a wheelchair, Jack is pointing a smoke machine in their direction, Rich starts coughing]

[13:28] R: “You can’t fuck ‘em if they’re dead”

[14:02] JK: First of all, how can you trademark “let’s sing and dance”? That seems….
J: Well, it’s like--doesn’t Marvel--don’t they have...copyrighten(?) the term “superhero”?
JK: The se--the term “mutant”
J: Who has “superhero”?
R: DC
J: DC has “superhero.” Well, who--who--what company put this out?
M: Marvel
J: Um, they have the phrase “let’s sing and dance,” if you’re ever out at the club and someone says that...they owe money to this company
JK: I know that--I always say that when I’m out at the club like “heyy yoooo let’s sing and daaaance!!” and a lawyer comes
J: Yeah, that happens
JK: It now makes sense
M: They have powerful lawyers, it’s like the Church of Scientology
J: It’s true, it’s true. Those guys are crazy, by the way, those Scientologists. They’re crazy
M: Allegedly, allegedly, it’s an alleged--Rich is a member of the Church of Scientology. No, Rich is a member of the Church of Tollbooth (???) 
R: Xenu told me to not talk to you about this anymore
J: Ohh…
M: Or was that, uh--was that John Travolta and he’s giving you a massage?
JK: He’s got magic fingers
R: At least it wasn’t Christy Alley
M: “Kirstie”
JK: What, is she a scientologist?
J: No, but she was in Look Who’s Talking with John Travolta 25 years ago
R: I thought she was a scientologist
J: Um, I don’t know, I guess it’s possible
M: She’s in Weight Watchers, there’s a difference. They both require you to buy things [Jay and Jack laugh]
R: She’s gotta get rid of 180 bodythings(?)

[15:43] M: You better not start singing “what what in the butt”

[16:32] J: Can we just say right up front, this was a miserable night. Everything sucked
M: Yeah, let’s get a disclaimer on…
J: Anyway…
M: We’re about as miserable as this guy looks. He looks like he’s either taking a dump or has a stomach ulcer

[19:34] R: Well, the--the information you get isn’t even accurate, like, we’re talking about just the song title “Don’t Talk To Strangers” the whole song [Singsong] “don’t talk to strangers!” then after the song there’s a disclaimer: [In a robotic voice] “not all strangers are people you don’t know, some are strangers that you actually know quite well, so please talk to your children about the misinformation we have given you in the song.” The whole video starts off with a disclaimer, it says, um, “this is not a substitute for being a parent. There is nothing useful in this video”
J: That’s basically the disclaimer is saying “this is pointless.” They might as well have just said that: “Warning: This is pointless”
M: Carol Collins(?) was covering her ass
J: Yes, oh, I understand completely. But does anyone even remember, one of these songs…
R: She’s a mom...AND a lawyer
M: Lawyers wrote...Jay, lawyers wrote the disclaimers and the music 
J: Ohh! It all makes sense

[21:22] JK: “Excuse me, homeless person, we’re dancing!”
J: [Looks at the back of the tape] Oh, they got ‘em out of order on here 
JK: Ohh, they messed up
J: Somebody fucked up
M: They went in order by which ones were biggest hits on the billboard charts
J: Ohh ok
JK: That was number 1000
M: It’s like The Beatles 1 album
J: Yeah
M: Similar, very similar, which is ironic, because Paul McCartney’s in this [Jack and Jay laugh]
[An old man wearing UK-themed clothing(?) sings and plays a banjo]
M: Ladies and gentlemen, Paul McCartney!
R: Wouldn’t it be sad, like, this was Paul McCartney’s last performance?

[22:05] J: All these kids are drug addicts now, I can guarantee it, these are all, like, Hollywood douchebag parents trying to force their kids into shit. All these kids are fucked up now. Every last one of them
M: They’re all out...like, at the club...doing heroin
J: They’re all out--
M: In their early 40s
J: They’re all out singin’ and dancin’ at the fun club, but the club ain’t quite so fun anymore
M: Yeah, but “singin’” and “dancin’” and “fun club” are all euphemisms

[23:00] M: I don’t blame ‘em, I can’t blame any of these kids for wanting to be in this video, except for the, the little brat that was super happy
J: Yeah
M: Disney kid
J: She was just trying to please her parents
M: [In a little girl voice] “I’m gonna be in tv shows, I’m in a video” All of them bragging to their friends like “I was in a video, I’m gonna be a star!” like, no
JK: “I only had to suck three dicks,” right? [Record scratch]
J: Oh my god, what?
M: Jack, we’re talking about children

[23:23] R: You know, I was--I was a casual acquaintance with this one guy, used to go to the local baseball games, the minor league baseball games and this guy--
M: [Scoffs] “Minor league baseball games”
R: He had--he had season tickets, seats next to me, and we got--we got--you know, we were friendly enough, and um, I--I--I went over to his place once, just to hang out and he--
M: Could this get more awkward? [Jay laughs]
R: Well, in--in his room is a picture of him as a child in a Wendy’s ad and it’s like framed and on his wall
J: Like he was still proud of it?
R: Yes!
J: Okay...that’s every kid in this video
R: You’re an old man now, take that picture of you in a Wendy’s ad from 1991 off of the fucking wall
M: But the real question is, how did you end up in his bedroom?
R: It was--it was--he was just showing me his place, like “come on around, let’s see this…”
J: That’s how they get you, that’s why you don’t talk to strangers, Rich. You needed this video
M: Did he try to sell you Amway? Or did he try to put his finger in your ass?
R: What the fuck, Mike?
JK: Did he turn on Huey Lewis and The News and put on a poncho?
R: He showed me his Warhammer figurines
JK: OH
R: Yeah
M: Did he take his balls out? [Jack and Jay laugh] His baseballs? You guys...are avid fans of minor league baseball
JK: Did he take his Warhammer out?
M: He said he has two big ones
R: I hate you so much. I hate you...
M: He wants to show you his minor league bat and balls
J: Rich, you started to tell a story about a guy inviting you into his house and you going into his bedroom, you had to have known this was going to happen
M: After you guys both shared a footlong at the baseball game
JK: You didn’t have to add Lady and the Tramp style
M: Yeah, yeah, really……...He said “put this wiener in your mouth”
J: Oh my god…
M: “Do you want to share a wiener?” is what he said and Rich said “ok!” “It’s back at my place…I want to show you my ‘Wendy’s ad’” Ho, yeah, right
[Everybody is turning red from laughing while Rich just stays silent]
JK: We can be done now….

[25:43] M: I’m picturing this kid’s like, like...a helicopter mom next to him--him or her. “Keep smiling!”
J: Oh, sure
M: “You’re gonna make us a fortune!....Little brat!....People can’t tell your gender, but you’re gonna be a star”

[26:00] J: Well...what’s her name? “Carol Coolina.” I hope you’re proud of yourself
M: I hope you’re dead...at this point, ‘cause she is pretty old 
J: She looks pretty old, too
M: I didn’t say I hope she dies, I said I hope she’s dead by now
J: Okay, there is a difference

[26:27] [They put up fake ending credits onscreen, Rich is credited for doing everything]

[28:13] M: This shit don’t fly in 2015, grandpa

[28:47] M: I can only imagine what the theater smelled like
J: This video depleted all of our elderly jokes in the first half hour and then we were left with nothing
R: We were out of elderly jokes before this started
J: It’s like there’s a checklist of like, ok, they’re old, one’s gonna die onstage, oh, one’s gonna shit in their pants, uh…
JK: So many diaper jokes
J: Lots of diaper jokes, and you know, you can only do so much
M: And the funny part is--is that our elderly jokes started to get old

[31:50] M: Eww [Jay, Mike, and Jack laugh] 
J: “Eww”
M: That one looked like an ewok

[33:06] R: Within--within five years they won’t be racists anymore

[34:00] M: Oh Christ...Christ on a cross
J: Nailed it
M: Christ died for this? [Jack and Mike high five]
JK: “Nailed it”
M: Yeah, literally

[34:26] M: “No, no, it’s a lesbian...with a saxophone. That’s the only time she puts something in her mouth…..Because she’s a lesbian, she can’t get AIDS”

[35:44] R: Then someone’s shorts fell off. The question is, whether or not that was planned
M: Yeah
J: It only happened to one of them, that’s what’s weird about it
M: Well, anyway, the ending was--
R: His Depends got too heavy

[36:11] J: I--I expected more from amateur elderly people 

[36:26] M: Oh my god…..it’s Lily Tomlin
R: It’s like a 120-year old Conan the Barbarian

[37:36] J: She couldn’t have expected that thirty years later, a bunch of assholes would be laughing at old people’s underwear falling down
M: It’s a nice thing, they’re elderly people, they’re very old, they get to do something active...they get to perform...What? You’re looking at me like I’m a monster for saying this
JK: I look at you--I’m looking at you ‘cause you’re like a monster because you’re saying normal and decent things, which I don’t expect from you

[38:37] R: It’s a nice--it’s a nice bookend to your life, you know, you start off with a fourth grade recital and you end with the recital
M: The four hundredth grade recital

[39:58] R: Jason Priestley, he’s in a set room...it’s a set...it’s a hip room. It was a hip 90s room
JK: Skewed windows, harsh shadow…
R: And you know, just out of camera, there’s a guy ready--in any moment, to break into the old school rap...about to happen. Yo yoz...we’re hip, we’re down with the safety guns

[43:52] R: [Singing the theme song] Stop! Don’t touch! Leave the area, tell an adult!
J: Yeah! Stop, don’t touch--
M: It’s a early version of the macarena

[44:50] R: This is gun control or it’s just like an anti-masturbation song? [Jay laughs]
JK: It’s the same song for two different (?)
R: Yeah. “Stop! Don’t touch!”
JK: “I like you so much!” 
J: “Go tell an adult!”
M: And his next song is “Don’t tell an adult that I touched you”
JK: “Take a cold shower!”
J: Yeah, that’s more--
R: Well, it was produced by NAMBLA, that one
M: You and your NAMBLA...I swear
J: I swear!
M: Ever since you got that card...

[47:11] R: The birth of Eddie Eagle and the death of his career 

[47:21] R: I don’t even remember if he was in Beverly Hills 90210 or 21 Jump Street. Which--
J: 21 Jump Street was like 10 years earlier
R: I--I--
M: That was, uh--
J: That was Johnny Depp, yeah
JK: And Richard Grieco
R: Okay
J: Greeko
JK: Richard Grieco
J: Greeko?
JK: Greco
J: --uh, sure
R: Wasn’t Dom DeLuise’s kid in that too?
J: Yes
JK: Yes
J: He was
JK: Yeah...he was just that small actor that was in everything...‘cause he’s Dom DeLuise’s kid
M: He never got as big as his father 

[48:09] J: Alright, so we got, uh [Turns the tape over]...uh, Let’s Sing and Dance Music Video...uh, old people shuffling, and Eddie Eagle. Uh, Rich, what’s the best of the worst?
R: Eddie Eagle is 7 minutes long and it’s got a fun cartoon

[50:58] J: Well, I guess, Eddie Eagle wins, ‘cause that’s two…[Points to the other tapes] and one and one. Umm--
M: And these got votes, so I don’t think we’re destroying anything tonight
JK: No
[Pause]
M: I know everyone probably wants to bust Geritol Follies--
J: Well--yeah, you can’t decide that for us, does anyone…?
M: It got a positive vote, we don’t destroy anything that got a positive vote
J: When did that ever happen?
R: When has that ever been established?
JK: We could--we could--
R: We’ve destroyed things that got positive votes before
J: Yeah, you’re making this up!
R: You’re pulling that--[Credits roll]
