May 19, 2016
Wheel of the Worst #11 - How To Seduce Women Through Hypnosis, How To Get Revenge, UPC Codes & 666
https://wwww.youtube.com/watch?v=-M2khjpOxzc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/733277530732519424
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153640128517634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-11

Oh, the Plinketto board.
That sure worked out great.
Picked a bunch of winners there.
Maybe randomly selecting VHS tapes is a terrible idea.
Hey, Mike.
Let’s film a Wheel of the Worst.
Oh, what’s this?
Oh, thank God.
No, Mike, no!
There are better ways to kill yourself
Oh?
Yeah, have you considered, like, a hanging?
But this is instantaneous
But what about pills, then?
What, like aspirin?
Or, or, if you can afford it, maybe heroin
Ohh
Then you could really go out with a bang then
Well this is going out with a bang
Ehh yeah, I guess it’s true
How would you kill yourself?
I mean, it may as well be memorable.
Maybe, I could be the guy who jumps off the Freedom Tower
Oh…
From the very top--
Would you wear a postman’s uniform and say "air mail"?
Or "9/11 was an inside jo-o-o-o-ob!"
And then I get hit by the plane, that’s flying into the Freedom Tower.
On my way down after I’m committing suicide.
I guess it wasn’t!
Well, Rich, we have many new tapes on the Wheel of the Worst, to terrorize and tantalize ourselves.
Yes.
Our first video is sponsored by...Tyco?
It’s Video Driver: California Chase Road Race.
What is that?
Look, it’s like a California license pl, oh, SEGA?
You explain, sir
I don’t know what the fuck this is.
At first I thought that was a Blockbuster video tape
It’s SEGA
I guess it’s just SEGA and Tyco
Is this that little period of time when they had, like, the interactive videos?
Like Captain Power, where you shoot your gun at the TV?
I don’t have any idea what the fuck this is, and, quite frankly, I don’t care.
Our next tape is Strong Kids Safe Kids: A Family Guide.
Starring Fonzie.
He’s doing the Fonzie thing, too.
I can’t believe ABC let him get away with him stealing their intellectual property
Yeah, that’s true.
Uhh, unless he’s doing something else with those thumbs on the kids (???)
What?
Like what?
Uh...
I cannot...
What?
Well, what are you implying with that now?
I--
I was just implying that he gives them thumbs up
Yeah, thumbs up
Okay...thumbs up what?
Are you some kind of weird sex pervert?
Don’t you dare turn this around on me, mister!
I turned it around on you first!
No backsies!
That’s what Henry Winkler said.
Uh Mr.T’s Be Somebody or Somebody’s Fool
Oh, that’s like the thing he says
No no no, it’s not an option, it’s, it’s, it’s more like, uh, it’s like an ultimatum.
Like, be somebody or be somebody’s fool.
I think.
Is it, is it both?
You can be somebody or be somebody’s fool?
It’s like, there’s two kinds of people, people who like spaghetti and people who don’t, it’s just, obviously you’re in one of those two categories
I prefer to be somebody’s fool
Okay
So, I don’t know.
I, I’d like to see the segment of the tape about that part
Well, I am the expert, I can tell you, it’s no picnic
Ok.
yeah, I know.
Listen, let’s just continue on.
So this film, there’s a bunch of children down there as well.
So we got two, like, 80s celebrities and kids.
So, they’re, they’re stranger danger videos, they’re very similar, actually.
But our next film, uh, which I think we had on the board before, and I would prefer that films that were on the board were not on the board again
Especially the ones that look like crap
Especially the ones that look like crap, somebody put this up here, it’s called BabyVision "your baby’s own video"
Nobody gives a shjt.
It’s babies.
Nobody likes babies
Alright.
We had this one up here before, someone *really* wants to see it, um, because someone needs to know how to seduce women through hypnosis.
Rich, why did you put this up on the board?
I did not put this up on the board.
You put this up on the board
I didn’t touch the board today.
Is Josh around?
I can’t hear somebody laboriously explaining the plot of How to Seduce Women Through Hypnosis, so I’m gonna say that Josh is not around?
Now, we recently watched, uh, Civil War, Captain America Civil War, and you and Jay and I had a challenge of who would bring up Batman vs Superman first, I propose the same challenge, if the wheel lands on this, whoever brings up rape first, gets the buzzer
Okay
Let’s try to go our entire discussion without saying the R word
You just kind of violated that--
Well no, I’m explaining the rules, it doesn’t, okay, "How can I get naked real fast--"
I’m sorry, "How can I make real friends"
Is that how you make friends, you get naked real fast?
I thought it said "how can I get naked real fast?" Rich…
So you read "Young People Ask" and you read that as "How can I get naked"?
No no no, this part, I didn’t see what that--
Oh, ok, ok
I thought that said "Young People Ass."
Now, Rich, um, I know you know nothing about how you can make real friends, so...
I won’t ask you to explain that--
Our next video is How to Get Revenge, starring Linda Blair
Who we should all know as the Exorcist
I was gonna jokingly name another movie she was in, but she was in nothing else of note
The Exorcist 2
Was she in The Exorcist 2?
I don’t know....
I haven’t seen The Exorcist 2
You have to ask Jay
Jay, is Linda Blair in The Exorcist 2?
Jay: She is
She is?
Oh, I didn’t know that
But, Linda Blair is The Exorcist, so--
Well, no, she’s, she’s not the exorcist, the priest is the exorcist, she’s like a possessed girl, she’s not the exorcist.
It’s like Frankenstein’s Monster
I know.
I was waiting for Jay to correct me
Oh
I’m busy running the camera
Next, please.
Uh, "UPC Codes and 666: Beware the mark of the beast."
Now, this harkens back to an earlier wheel of the worst
Did you know we found out after the fact that SOS, that video, was from the Children of God cult?
They, they abuse children.
They’re the same cult that River Phoenix family came from
Oh really?
Yes
Interesting
Yes.
So they were horrible, horrible people in real life
Oh, that makes a lot of sense.
So they made a horrible, horrible video
That really worked out perfectly for you.
I see you redesigned the wheel
I am, I, really, where’s that gun?
Where is that gun?
Where did you put that gun?
I’ll be using it later
I’m gonna find that gun, you son of a bitch!
Number one, get her liquored up, number two, nothing
Ok, now wake up and fuck me!"
Who’da thought this tape woulda been creepy?
Well, Jay, let’s watch something that’s something else
I think that’s a fabulous idea
Oh
Oh fuck
Oh
Yay!
How to Get Revenge!
Alright, with Linda Blair!
How serious is this video going to be?
I th--
Is it gonna be a serious attempt to explain how to get revenge on people?
Wouldn’t that be fantastic?
What else could it be?
A joke video?
Do you remember Leslie Nielsen’s golf videos?
That wasn’t how to really play golf
Are you thinking of Tim Conway’s golf videos?
No, Leslie Nielsen did the poor man’s Tim Conway golf videos
Oh my god
Yeah...So is this the poor man’s Tim Conway’s Leslie Nielsen’s how-to video?
I don’t know, but I’m sure this video will turn heads
Alright, let’s go!
How did all this happen from Rich just running into a camera?
Now, if your mark is a member of the minority, you might turn him over to the immigration service
I’m sorry, what?
A member of the minority.
Everyone who’s a minority is here illegally
That one minority
This is more upsetting than the rape video
Jack.
Mike.
It’s time for you to spin the wheel.
And you better land on something good, cuz I’ve just learned plenty of ways to get revenge on you.
Gonna hypnotize and rape you.
So I really didn’t learn anything from the last tape.
All right.
Here we go.
Boom!
The "UPC Codes 666".
Yes!
Beware the "mark".
Let’s see, does this have a UPC code on it, though?
It doe, , well, oh, that’s-- 
That’s an explanation of what it means.
It does not have a UPC code
That would be very ironic.
That would be very hypocritical.
Let's go.
Mike, over here.
It’s caught on me.
I don’t...I don’t believe you.
This UPC design with five bold numbers on either side appears on 95% of all supermarket products.
Oh, so he's saying the bars that don't have a number associated with it are always 6-6-6?
Is that what he's saying?
Yes.
The bars that separate the other numbers from all the 6's.
Oh.
Okay, I believe in Satan.
Oh.
Yeah, sure.
Once the computer scans this number, it has recorded everything about the item and its history, including its price.
Oooh!
Before going any further, let’s be clear on one central point.
"I’m nuts."
Wait, are you gonna climb on top of me, are you gonna do this legitimately, or are you just talking about the video?
Well...
We’re gonna climb on top of the video.
So we watched three videos, and I’m going to introduce them, so I don’t have to explain any of them.
Son of a bitch.
The first tape that we watched was How To Seduce Women Through Hypnosis.
Who wants that one?
I don’t even know who I wanna torture with this.
Um...
It’s clearly gonna be Rich.
Oh, shit.
I just doomed myself.
You doomed yourself.
I was going to give it to Rich, but...
Okay.
How To Seduce Women Through Hypnosis.
There is a nude man and a lingeried-up lady .
She has more clothes on than he does.
Yeah, um...
It’s very progressive.
Oh, is that what it is.
Yes, that's exactly what I would describe this tape as.
It is the woman that appears on the tape, who we will call Eyebrows.
But it’s not the man.
I think that's her dream man.
Can we just call her Eugene Levy?
Eugenia Levy.
Eugenia Levy.
Uh, but that is not the man who hypnotizes and rapes her in the film.
No.
Wait.
You already fucked up.
You lose already.
You know, I think talking about this film and not using the word rape is nearly impossible.
Not nearly, it’s completely impossible.
I’m throwing the rulebook out the window.
Um, this is her dream man, who is not the man who she ends up being seduced and raped by in the video.
While she's unconscious.
While she's semi-conscious.
Semi-conscious.
Here's the thing.
How to--
And I'm gopnna read the back, because we normally don't get to do that on the wheel.
Yeah.
And there is some text here.
How to Seduce Women Through Hypnosis is a revolutionary videotape which combines easy-to-learn hypnotic techniques with the art of seduction.
This program teaches you both how to meet and choose the woman who is suggestible to hypnosis.
She's in the middle of the street.
She's in the middle of the street.
A truck goes by.
She's literally in the middle of the street.
Why is she in the middle of the street?
Notice, does she read, oblivious to any distraction?
What?
The ability to become absorbed in one thing at a time is very important for a hypnotic subject.
Oh, he's saying you can pick your victim if they appear to be...
Yeah.
...I guess, stupid?
She was talking to that guy, and she was...
Focus.
...she was engrossed in his conversation, so--
Yeah, yeah.
They're unaware of their surroundings.
Yes, yes.
The motorcycle around the lady, she didn't even notice the motorcycle because she was into her book...
Yeah.
...makes her a good target, cuz she's more susceptible to hypnosis.
It also makes it easier to sneak up on them with a little watch.
Yeah.
Then through hypnosis and psychosexual stimulation--
Psychosexual?
Yeah.
Like psychologically sexual--
You hear "psycho", and you think negative things.
Then you watch the video, and you think negative things.
You and your chosen partner may both enjoy the benefits and pleasures of this fantastic method of seduction.
One will enjoy it more than the other.
The one who's conscious will probably enjoy it.
Yeah, so we looked through this cover, How to Seduce Women Through Hypnosis, kind of like that Malcolm Jamal Warner video, How to Be Cool at Parties, we thought it was going to instruct you, you know, how to seduce a woman, like I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna meet a woman, and I'm gonna use some sort of terms or psychological tricks to get the woman to come home with me.
Totally different than that.
Why do women strive to be so beautiful?
Makeup.
Clothing.
Aerobicized bodies.
Hairs, nails, and tan skin are all common exercises for women to be sexy, attractice--
We gotta look this guy up, and find out why he’s in jail.
Notice how John immediately establishes credibility
Trick them into thinking you’re a normal everyday person"
You just don’t want sex.
You ought to know about the woman"
But like, he, he appeared credible by saying he’s a hypnotist?
Wow, I always wanted to be hypnotized
Well, that’s our winner right there
The twist at the end of this was like a M. Night Shyamalan film.
It had a big twist.
I was not expecting them to go full-on rape.
It was weird
It’s not rape, Mike, there’s plenty of warnings at the front of the video to let you know that this is not rape
Oh, and don’t forget, when you take your, uh, partner, not your victim, not your mark, when you take your partner home, to unplug her phone
Oh, yes
Cuz you don’t want distractions or her calling for help, or anything like that, I mean, weird
Whereas, he calls them in-her-endos"
Stop rubbing your mom jeans!
This is about rape!
Like, like, you can make a video, like, how to pick up a woman in a bar or whatever, like...buy her a drink, talk to her--
Much easier than this shit
Edited by Mike Hunt!
What, for real?!
Is there anything else to say?
Rich?
Couple of weeks ago, you invited me over, and you said get comfortable, lay down on my bed, and I’m gonna start talking" and you started talking about the ocean waves, and then you went like this…
Rich is a good friend, so you trust him
And the next thing, I woke up...in a compromising situation, that’s all I’ll say.
And ever since then--
Now let me ask you a question, at some time in your life, has someone ever made you so angry, so upset, that you considered some form of retribution, some form of revenge?
So our next tape, that we watched...uh...may be the most baffling thing that we’ve watched on Wheel of the Worst?
We’ve watched more offensive things, we’ve watched weirder things, but this is the most, like, why is this something that exists?" How to Get Revenge, hosted by Linda Blair
And Linda Blair, everyone knows is famous from The Exorcist.
She’s the little girl in The Exorcist
Mostly known for The Exorcist
She’s also really known for…
The Exorcist
But like, her other big movie role
Well, she goes to a lot of conventions, because of her role in The Exorcist 
Does she have an eating disorder?
Or I just associate her with throwing up pea soup?
I mean, it’s entirely possible.
Now she dedicates a lot of her time to, to animal rescue, and she’s….causes, she’s, yeah, she’s big into that stuff
Do people still care what she has to say?
Not like, not like joke, not like I’m gonna put a little fart bag on your chair and you sit down--
Whoopee cushion
Whoopee cushion
Not fart bags
This is--
Are fart bags the off-brand version of a whoopee cushion?
My former boss fired me for no damn reason whatsoever
I’m sure there is a reason, sir
I’ve got, I’ve got news for you, there’s no reason why any of these have to be for revenge." Anybody can do any of these things just to be a dick
I had this client, whose best friend came to him, and talked him into investing in a real eskate" scam
A real eskate scam?
Dad?
Yet, there are, just a few, who feel a great need to stress their superie order" over decent--
This guy’s drunk.
I think he’s drunk
This is one of the most terrifying images
Yeah
Yeah, it’s not pixelated enough
It looks like, uh, uh, Christopher Lloyd at the end of Roger Rabbit
It’s really beautifully creepy
His face wasn’t pixelated when it did the dissolve, did you see that?
No
It was like they couldn’t do two effects at once
So, uh, detective...we know who you are...we’re posting your image here for the internet to see
We’re gonna send 15 pizzas to your house
And then….ruin your marriage.
So your wife commits suicide
Isn’t that funny?
Also, I’ve already filed your fake death certificate, good luck getting social security now that you’re aged
Also--
Took your credit card out in your name, and I just bought a house
Yeah
Have fun with crippling debt!
Hahahahahaha!
And Rich put a bunch of *bleep* on your *bleep*
Ohh!
For fucks sake!
What?
It was just a simple transfer through Dropbox
Revenge is a natural emotion
Ohh, he cheated on you!
Woman: And then Victoria came along
I knew it!
This is like a drug video.
Like this lady seems like a crack addict
"So we gave them all syphilis"
Can you be drunker?
The letters stated that Victoria had been to the free clinic and had tested positive for syphilis
Oh my god!
It’s fucking syphilis!
Seriously?
It’s syphilis!
It’s syphilis!
Fuck!
Woah, woah, woah, I had a drink on there, it fell all over the floor
That song is so catchy, it’s a shame that the people that made it are child molesters
21!
You did it, Rich.
You cracked the code
Also, surprisingly edited by my cunt.
Not by, uh, credited and certified editor Mike Hunt, it was edited, literally, by my cunt
Ohh
Oh.
Oh!
You were a lady this whole time?
Didn’t you guys know?
I didn’t, I didn’t know…
Oh!
Yeah
I never thought to ask
I mean, I didn’t think you were a *man*…
Right
You’re a lady?
I can’t believe I had sex with you!
Oh my god!
Wait a minute, that hypnotism session wasn’t just a friendly meeting?
Oh noooo 
Guys, guys, always knew the Rec in Pre-Rec stood for rectum.
Damn you…
I always knew
You know that’s gonna stick around, too, that one
Oh, yeah, don’t put that one in 
You put it right in there.
You walked right into it.
You slid it right in…..You lubed it up and slid it right in, Rich.
You just, you put it right in my hands and said "put it right in my--"
Deception.
Miracles
Male pattern baldness 
We can help you with all these problems
What’s he gonna do?
What’s he gonna do when I buy my copy, when I go to the store and I buy my copy of How To Seduce Women Through Hypnosis, what, what is the devil gonna do?
At that point, you’re fucked anyway
So I’m gonna go to Hell for buying some rice krispies?
Abso-fucking-lutely
God is a prick
You’re going to Hell for so many more reasons than buying rice krispy treats, so don’t worry about you going to Hell
I hope they put it in the right hand and the forehead, just to fuck with the fundies
What?
You’re not a fundie!
Yeah I am, I, I’m into the Jesus
You didn’t know that about Mike?
That’s where we met
Did you meet, like, find Jesus yesterday?
Yeah, yeah, I found him, me and Jack met at church
Met at church.
Found him, you know, he was in the back room
Did an Antichrist show up and they had to fight?
Cuz it’s like they’re bad guys and good guys?
Antichrist is such a weird name to me--
Yeah
It sounds like a supervillain
Hmm-hmm
The evil inverse of Jesus
In the original Hebrew, Antichrist meant shitty Jesus
Which didn’t mean he was bad, he was just a normal guy who couldn’t do anything--
Like Jesus, just shitty
Like Jesus, but he didn’t have any magic powers, so you know, like a shitty Jesus
That’s just Jesús
Yeah
And he was so pissed at Jesus, he wrote a letter to the IRS saying that Jesus was dead
Oh yeah, yeah
And that’s where the 3 Day Miracle came from.
Actually, historical, uh...
Cuz Jesus wrote a counter-letter to the IRS saying he had risen
But it took 3 days to--
It was after he died
It took 3 days of postage to get--
Oh, sure, sure!
Hence, religion
So it’s just a clerical error?
It was a clerical error by the IRS, which created Our Lord and Saviour 
Yeah, okay.
This is so dumb I can’t even formulate a sentence
And I’m just gonna go ahead and say my choice for destruction, this needs to be wiped off the face of the Earth 
Rich?
Uh, well, this is some good old-fashioned Christian values right there.
Some nice fear-mongering.
We’re all gonna die soon.
That’s interesting.
That’s interesting.
This is kind of great
I, I, I love the fact there, there is a video tape with information on how to destroy people’s lives
Yup
So this is my best of the worst.
But yeah, I, let’s destroy the rape tape
It’s, it’s unanimous, we, this is the most worthy tape to destroy.
No weird old man with beard needs to watch this and get any funky ideas.
Cuz there are far too many unsuspecting ladies out there that need to be protected, by the likes of us.
Just in case, some weird man watches this, how, remote possibility, we need to destroy this.
Absolutely
Yes
Also, ladies, trim your eyebrows
