Feb 12, 2017
Wheel of the Worst #10 - Show Off - How to be cool at parties, MotherLode, Exploding Varmints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmRs1QjHU-k
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/698345527168126977
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153415124962634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-10

Man, I cannot wait for Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of AIDS.
It’s gonna be so good.
So good
Oh!
Hi, Mike.
Hi, Rich.
Where’ve you been?
Oh, you know.
I’ve been busy.
Just taking care of all the Space Cop blu-rays
So--it’s time for another Wheel of the Worst!
Oh boy, I can’t wait!
What kind of garbage do we have on this wheel today?
Will you improve your attitude?
Sorry
Our first film is called…..BabyVision.
I think that’s one word 
You said that, BabyVision, which is kind of great 
There’s no space, it’s BabyVision.
"Your baby or toddler’s own video!" Exclamation mark.
Umm and there’s a picture of the Earth and the moon, uh, some hot air balloons, a carousel, and then a baby, who’s wearing a hat
Well, that looks like garbage
"The more a child sees and hear, the more he wants to pee in his diaper."
Five percent of the profits from the sale of BabyVision will be donated to the Guild for Infant Survival of SIDS."
How does an infant survive SIDS?
It’s called Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
You don’t survive SIDS!
That’s--that’s very true
Anyway--
Is Jean Pickett(?)--that’s not the grief clown, is it?
No, that’s Eloise Cole
Oh yes, that’s right, the demon, Eloise Cole
All right, Rich, why don’t you talk about our next video?
Why, our next video is "HIV/AAAAIIIDDDSSSSS and Older Americans.
A collaborative project between the office of AAAIIDDDSSS research, NIH, and the National Minority AIDS Council, September 2001."
September 2001?
Everything about this video is a disaster!
Oh my lord, a lot of bad things happened in September 2001.
Uh--well now the title is "HIV/AIDS and Older Americans."
Now, it doesn’t say HIV/AIDS...you know, older Americans with HIV/AIDS.
So is the first half of the video about HIV/AIDS and the second half is just some older Americans, just doing some things
I think it’s about, like, like, 85-year old men and women who are taking care of like, dying AIDS patients
Ok, so HIV/AIDS and older Americans
"We brought you some soup."
Chicken soup?
"Chicken soup will cure everything, except AIDS."
Laughing at others’ medical misfortunes, hilarious
I’m just picturing the maker of this video, like, waking up on the morning of September 11 all excited about the release of his new AIDS video
And finally help the elderly who have AIDS cope with--OH NO
Speaking of AIDS
Oh my god, it’s Leo DiCaprio.
Our next video is Hangin’ with Leo.
Look, there are little hearts on the exclamation marks.
"Attention Leo fans: this is the real Leo."
"Parties, fun, girls!"
"You gotta have it!"
Well, that’s so unexciting.
That’s almost as unexciting as MotherLode.
"Amazing!"
"Incredible!"
"Mind-boggling!"
"Beautiful Morel mushrooms, and lots of them!"
"With America’s number one Morel expert, Larry ‘Tree’ Lonik."
I can’t wait to learn about those mushrooms.
Our next video is called The Singles’ Guide to…………..oh, Los Angeles.
The singles’ guide--
Sunglasses?
Sunglasses and faded cover.
You can tell this videotape was stored on a shelf that was in direct sunlight somewhere.
"Featuring Eva La Rue, Martina Castle, Robin Lynn, and world renowned gourmet Paul Wallack."
Well, that just sounds amazing, Mike.
"Show off!
How to be cool at parties!
Stunts, tricks, and...gays?
Gays to amaze your friends 
And gays to amaze your friends.
Starring Malcolm-Jamal Warner.
Forgotten star of The Cosby Show
"Stunts, tricks, and gags to amaze your friends"
Gags!
Really kind of a weird font
That makes much more sense
Starring Malcolm-Jamal Warner of The Cosby Show
Well, speaking of Bill Cosby, our next tape is...
How to Seduce Women Who Aren’t Aware of What’s Going On
By Bill Cosby
By Bill Cosby
Um, wow, How to Seduce Women Through Hypnosis 
"Seduce"
Yeaaahh, I doubt this tape would fly in 2016
At the point where you’re willing to hypnotize a woman, why not just use the roofie?
I--you know?
Exploding Varmints!
The crown jewel of our wheel, now--and this is a rare occasion, where I actually have the back of the box printed out, ‘cause normally we can’t--we can’t get them off 
They’re on there with cement
They’re on there pretty good
Oh no
"If you are a hunter who likes a lot of action..."
Bill Cosby.
"...then you’ll want to see Exploding Varmints.
From your favorite experience the excitement of exploding so many varmints."
"Your shoulder will ache."
Your shoulder?
I guess you’ll furiously masturbate.
I really don’t know.
Uh, "and see why they-- why we call this video Exploding Varmints."
"Enjoy film footage of varmint-hunting, like you’ve never seen before."
"And witness over 500 confirmed exploding kills, in this action-packed video."
"Share the thrill of the hunt, with us, your family, friends, and clergy."
And clergy?
You have to be making that last part up
No!
No!
"After viewing this video, you, your buddies, and your clergy will be praying for more."
Unlike Bill Cosby’s victims
I wanted AIDS.
Psst!
Hey, you!
Now, if you get down here and you still have a ways to go, you can fake the rest of it with your upper body and your head like this
Or just kill yourself
Oh ho ho!
This guy didn’t kill himself.
He was a failed prop comedian from the early 90s.
Ironically, he fell down the stairs
Now how it is you do that?
The secret, to this one now, is to pretend that you have a dog
No shit!
Bob, I found your mushroom
Eww
This is like pervert camp.
Pick those mushrooms
The squirrel’s (???) name.
Well, Jack, the last couple of videos, those were duds, let’s hope we do better with this last bit.
Oh yeah, yeah, can’t wait to see what we get
Here we go, here we go, I’m praying for Exploding Varmints
I’m hoping we get more Malcolm-Jamal Warner 
Well, maybe, maybe, we’ll see what the wheel decides
I don’t regret this(???)
You know what also has 0 calories, this beer
Oh yeah
I don’t think that’s true
They say they’re empty calories, which is good for you
Oh, I guess--
If they’re empty, it’s like--
It’s like 0 calories--
Exactly, it’s the same thing
They can’t--they can’t--they can’t make you any fatter
Drinking beer is like losing weight
I know
I thought you were just drinking water from Lake Michigan
The MotherLode and Exploding Varmints are living proof that any psychopath can run a video camera
That’s dumb.
That’s so dumb
I think there was a class-action lawsuit from all the 6-year olds who get beat up after trying these stunts
I wanna show you something.
I wanna show you something I learned in the video.
Oh, oh, I left my mic in the basement, hold on.
You’re walking down stairs barefoot on broken glass?
Is that what he’s doing?
No, I think it’s just--Rich Evans walking down the stairs
That was really good, Rich
Maybe they’re using "party" as just, like, "hangout"?
Maybe every time you hang out with people is a party IF you do those tricks.
Maybe you’ve gone to really boring parties.
Did you ever pretend to slam your--the door in your face?
The weird thing is, I’ve been to a lot of children’s birthday parties, and the weird thing is, I still go to them.
And--it’s usually, like, I’m not invited, and they’re strangers, which is all, all around kind of weird, but you know--
It seems like that’s a situation where this video would be most helpful, because that’s who’s gonna be impressed by these things, is an adult doing it in front of small children
I mean, how else are you gonna get the kids to come near you, yeah?
The best trick in here, I don’t know if you’ve done it, but the best trick in this video, if you’re going to small children's birthday parties is the one where you press your face on the glass and just stare creepy
I do that on their bedroom windows
Yeah, yeah
I don’t know, I like--kinda like--
Sometimes I play hide and seek with little kids, but for me, it’s just "hide."
Usually they get in a shallow grave.
And it’s somewhere in the woods
Are those air quotes or are you having a stroke?
That’s what he’s most known for, these days, still, is his sweaters that he would wear on The Cosby Show 
Taught him--how to--how to eat a jello pudding pop
Yeah
You stick a roofie in it
Oh my god, racist, oh my god, racist
Mike, are you stereotype-shaming?
"Warning: parental supervision is NOT permitted." 
I hate this video
It--it--it makes you wanna take a shower
This is the--this is bottom of the barrel, as far as we--
It’s not even about rape.
You know what I mean?
It’s just...
First of all, no, I don’t know what you mean
Yeah.
Do you think the How to Trick Women Into Sleeping With You Through Hypnosis video is more or less sleazy than this?
Oh!
Wait, that wasn’t what we watched?
That whole bit about the pencil?
Now, Jack, tell us about this alleged video
Yeah, he’s like, this boring guy, and I guess, I looked him up online, thank god he’s dead
No, that’s not something you say about someone
Well, it’s just, I don’t care, I don’t want this man around, and the man made this video and I had to watch it
Yeah.
I think that’s justified, sure
Ok, I don’t know what happened…
I want Jimmy Fallon to be dead, that doesn’t make me a bad person
I think everyone would agree with that
Jimmy Fallon…
Oh, now you gotta do your Jimmy Fall On joke
Jimmy Fallon drinks so much booze his name is Jimmy Fall on the ground
When he first got his job as the host of whatever, Tonight Show, I said, "Jimmy Fallon?"
"The only thing he should host is a parasite"
Jesus, this looks dangerous
This looks like a fucking ISIS video
I’m not even kidding, I think Larry might be somewhere on the autistic spectrum.
This is--this is not a man--
Can’t say that
What?
Why not?
You said that before and everyone freaked out
I don’t give a shit, he’s autistic
People with--people freak out--I don’t know, grow a fucking backbone
Learn to take a comment that you don’t like and not freak out.
Get laid
I’m Rich Evans, I’ve gotten laid, you can do it
Eww
"I’m writing you a prescription for a rope"
I thought that was the site where I found his obituary.
Oh, oh, it’s mushroomfucker.net
He loved mushrooms so much, he wanted to, like, intermix with their spores and create more mushrooms
Sorry, I--I didn’t hear any of that, I got lost in thought, I was thinking I was just beating somebody’s head in, with like, the back end of a rifle
It’s weird, that like--subcultures...especially very, very specific ones people that love a specific type of mushroom, or people who love exploding varmints.
It’s--we have two videos about very, very niche…
Very niche
M:...ssssomethings
And we are a niche subculture of people who enjoy bad video cassettes talking about even more niche subcultures, it’s--it’s--it’s a cycle
So our fans are interested in both AIDS and 9/11 
What?
And Star Wars
Star Wars, AIDS, and 9/11
The Big 3
The Big 3
Much like the Italian film Pieces, it’s exactly what you think it is
Uh, this is the home movie footage--
He’s gotta bring arty farty bullshit--
That’s not arty farty, it’s like a shitty Italian horror film about people getting cut into pieces, and the movie’s called "Pieces”, and the tagline on the poster is: "it’s exactly what you think it is."
I just--I just can’t believe this is the video
Truth in advertising
Why would anyone do this?
This is cynical and horrible.
This is somebody doing something he loves.
This is something somebody does because they love, in a cynical and horrible way, so, just by virtue of math, Exploding Varmints wins
