Dec 13, 2016
Wheel of the Worst #13 - Get Street Smart: A Kid’s Guide to Stranger Dangers, Travelling with Ooga Booga: On Trains, Trucks and Airplanes, Dr. Misterio’s Patented Video Almanac of Fun Vol. 2, Bear Attacks, Just Kidding! Rude Pranks and Dirty Gags, Nightmare on Drug Street, Safe Crossing: An Egg-cellent Idea, How to Spot Counterfeit Beanie Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELYudG_0j3c
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/808829361226924033
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-13

Hello. This is Best of the Worst episode 46, subsection: Wheel of the Worst episode 13A. I am Rich Evans and this is Mike Stoklasa
Hello, Rich.
Hello, Mike.
Jinx.
What?
We both spoke at the same time
So what?
Is this the time when we attach terrible, random video cassettes to a wooden wheel?
No, this is not the time to attach the video cassettes to the wheel, as you can plainly see, they are already attached to the wheel
I understand--
This is the time in which we say the names of the tape, and then spin the wheel
To randomly select a terrible VHS cassette to watch
Correct
Where we record ourselves watching it, for the amusement of others
Incorrect
Hey! So what’s on the Wheel today, Mike?
Well, the first film I see, that we’re gonna start with is called, uh, Get Street Smart: A Kid’s Guide to Strangers...Dangers
Featuring a sea monkey
It’s a Neelix.
Yeah, yeah, it’s a Neelix.
Although, apparently his name is “Corny.” “Learn with Corny how to avoid kidnappers.” I guess they called him “Corny” uh--c--maybe ’cause you’re supposed to think of Corky, from Life Goes On?
That’s exactly what you’re supposed to think of, our next tape...
What what what?
There’s a little subsection 
Oh my god
“Also features a special parent segment, with Cindy Williams.
Plus, the ‘Get Street Smart’ music video”
Cindy Williams
Ok, uh, it--this is a film by Sean McNamara, it’s important that that’s noted
That’s great ‘cause we’re not gonna land on this we’re spending like 15 minutes talking--
Alright!
Fucking great our next tape is: Safe-Crossing: An “Egg-cellent” Idea! “A school bus safety video for classroom use, with K 3 students”
Ohh, here’s the best part: 10 minutes long
Yaaay!
This is--uh, this is a tutorial on how to get your egg across the street safely? And look, that child is about to get run over by the bus
I hope he gets--I just want to see him get run over by the bus.
That’s the only reason this is on the Wheel…’cause I’m hoping a child gets run over by a bus, because we are horrible people
Well, that’s fair
What’s--what’s next?
Uh, next is called...Nightmare on Drug Street?...Which, I’m assuming, came out in the 80s, to rip off the popularity of Nightmare on Elm Street.
Uhh, very clearly an anti-drug video, “fight drug abuse, educate your kids now!”
And--and these kids are all dead! Looking at the bottom here.
They have years associated with them so that’s good
Yeah, uh, um...which...we were discussing earlier if those are actual people, that may have died of drug overdoses or if they’re just actors playing characters?
I think it’s gonna be actors playing character: ”don’t do what I have done.”
"The point is...we’re supposed to figure out where we went wrong."
"I know where: dope."
Yeah.
That’s what it’s gonna be
Uh, it’s...
Rip it off, just rip it off what do you got, what do you got? What do we got? That sounded too good
Here, I got it
What--You just fucking--
It’s made by Twin Tower Productions
Oh my god, this is gonna be a disaster!
Ok, what’s next, Rich?
How come we can’t get away from 9/11?
I don’t know
I’m just shocked there’s not an AIDS video on this Wheel
The next video’s called AIDS Video.
"AIDS-mazing Things...To Make And Do."
"Dr. Misterio’s ‘patented’ video almanac of fun."
And that’s patented in quotes?
So it’s not really patented?
I think he just wrote his ideas in a piece of paper and shoved it into like, a drawer at his house that he has labeled “patents”
Uhh, this is volume 2
Volume 2, so there’s a lot of these, so these are the shitty ones
This is the less amazing--
This is the shitty, less amazing things that didn’t make volume 1
“Here’s an all-new kind of video you’ll want to watch again and again.
Let Dr. Misterio and his friends show you some truly Amazing Things.” That’s great
Hopefully it’s not his penis
Now, do you think this is gonna be an animated film, or is it gonna be a live action thing with--
No, it’s gonna be a live action thing...and...it’s gonna be, like, magic tricks done with, like, a creepy camera and you just see his hands and you never see his face?
“Here’s how you make a coin disappear”
Would the sound be--dgggrrrgggrrrrrrgrgr
Uhh
“The Best of Just Kidding.
Rude pranks and dirty gags.” And this man, his wife just died
But that’s hysterical
Uh or maybe his son got hit by a school bus
You tied it all together, Mike.
I love it
I assume he’s laughing, but, it looks like he’s doing the “nooo”--like, I’m gonna get you? (???)
Khaaaaaann
Yeah, he’s doing the Khan yell.
So, this--this--”the most hysterical gags and practical jokes ever caught on video,” looks like hidden camera stuff
Yeah
Probably like, Candid Candid Camera? But just without the creepy rape stuff in it
Like--like fake stuff, do you think?
I think it’s just gonna be like...like, “we filmed these people in a shopping mall...put a c--dollar on the ground and pull it with a string,” like, like, shit like that
Yeah
It’s, the way the box looks, it’s--
Shitty?
Like it’s marketed for children...or very infantile adults
Fuck--fuck that I hope we don’t land on it.
Uh, next we have...Travelling with Ooga Booga
Yeah, and two people in blackface? With a child.
I don’t--uh--I don’t know--what--on trains, trucks, and airplanes?
This--this sounds like, like a children’s video made by the Ku Klux Klan
They clearly had the ability to print their box label in color? But yet, their little picture’s in black and white.
I--I--ee--is that because these two people ARE in fucking brownface--or blackface and--
Oh god, I hope not
And they just thought, like last minute “oh shit this could look really bad”
I’m going to assume their faces are green? And they’re just very cheaply done aliens
They have a little, like, prosthetic on their forehead that looks like a Klingon...like forehead?
Yeah
So I think they’re supposed to be aliens, but, uh….
I hope they’re aliens
I really don’t know.
Oh! There’s a guy here, I didn’t even notice that!
Yeah, yeah, there’s a little furry guy 
Like the cowardly lion, almost 
We got, just a--Captain Caveman 
Okay, so I think they’re gonna be aliens...they’re--maybe they’re distant cousins of this guy
They’re ALL about telling kids how to be safe
R:.....What are next?
Next we have...Bear Attacks.
Uhh...Bear Attacks, Stoney-Wolf Productions and--
We don’t need to read anything else on the box, because there’s THIS image
Yeah...it looks like it’s from Dawn of the Dead
That’s the only thing that matters, is that image
I assume, this is going--they should have, like a subtext or how to survive bear attacks?
Maybe it’s just completely gratuitous, like “we’re going to show you bear attacks”
It’s kind of like that video we watched, where they’re shooting gophers?
Exploding Varmints?
It’s gonna be like that, just, uh...really gruesome…
Just people getting mauled by bears..for an hour.
I’m down.
I’m down with that
Me too
Our final tape is, How To Spot Counterfeit Beanie Babies…’cause Beanie Babies were a thing...25 years ago
They were very popular among grandmas.
Uh...this video is produced by SEI(?) Incorporated and Trendmasters, is not sponsored or endorsed by Ty company
R So they’re a counterfeit themselves?
A counterfeit video on how to spot counterfeit Beanie Babies
That sounds great
It does, Rich...none of these sound great
What are next?
Well, that’s it
Oh my god
And now is time to spin the Wheel of the Worst
Oh my god, allright, am I gonna spin this shit?
Well we have to readjust our camera angles
Do we have to…? Okay
This is the part where we cut, I don’t know if you’ve done this before
I just wanna spin the Wheel--
Oh no...Stranger Dangers
*7 minutes ago*
That’s great ‘cause we’re not gonna land on this
“Uh, yeah, I play pedophile number 18..”.
“...try to fuck an alien kid”
What?....Get off the screen
Well, Josh, let’s try and be like Cindy Williams and forget that ever happens
Josh: What happens?
That’s her husband
The way the shots are composed, and the editing, it’s like, it’s like a--a….Wes Anderson-directed film
Yeah, yeah, it’s very avant-garde
Ooga Booga!
Oh great, vaguely racist tape, here we come, I think...god, I hope they’re supposed to be aliens
This looks like a porno.
A sick, sick porno
Fucking...asshole kid.
I’m all on board for Bear Attacks.
I think it’s gonna be amazing
I’m there
“This is a disaster”
No, you gotta act more like you’re pulling (???) out of your nose…”disaster”
“Disaster”
“We got the best videos, we got the best bear attacks”
“I’m very proud of the Bear Attacks tape”
“Everybody knows we got the best bear attacks”
Now it’s turned into, uh...Christopher Walken
Ooh, that felt good...felt good
No, it didn’t 
Here’s what you do, here’s what you do, grab it by the side…
Yeah
And then--no no no, don’t grab it by this, you’re gonna rip the nails out, grab it by the--grab it by the side, like a man, Jack! Get a grip on the Wheel!
I’m a weak man!
You gotta grip on the Wheel, then you--then you go up
Yeah
Then, and then woo!
Keep going, keep going.
Don’t spin it--
Uh, we kind of went off the rails, today...we had to watch, uh, for various reasons….
Everything on the Wheel
This is the final Wheel of the Worst episode ever 
Stranger Dangers is a...it’s a reimagining of Groundhog Day...you just replace Bill Murray with a...very, very stupid alien, uh, and you replace Punxsutawney with, uh, Rapetown
It was Molestville
Oh my god
He ate that poor fish 
His dad’s a voice in his head
Zarconians are monsters!
Hey, not all Zarconians
Oh jeez…
The difference is, he has some weird, uh...like--like, sex toy bed? Where he wakes up and his bed sheets are just vibrating
He’s just furiously masturbating each morning 
Yeah
Knowing that the possibility exists that someone could try and kidnap him
To be fair--
He knows...that a quadruple-double-anal possibility exists...which is just called an octa-anal, in his--from his...planet...and he’s just hoping for the day
That’s eight
Yeah
His name is Corny, have we even mentioned that, we just started calling him Corny
Yeah, it’s short for Cornucopia
It’s short for Eight-corny-holeys...?
Corn holes!
That’s what I just said!
Possibly one of the most well-established characters...in the Corny Universe...is the--The “Slow Burn” Molester
He’s always there, he’s puttin’ in the work
Can you imagine that actor going home after the audition that day, like when he finds out he got the role, like to his wife, or whoever, I mean, I get that, like...a child molester, who is targeting an alien idiot
But--but not just any child molester, the main child molester
The main child molester
In a town full of child molesters, the main child molester is someone to be reckoned with, Jack
“Now I’m gonna get that sweet alien ass!”
"What’s the matter?"
"Who is this man?"
“I want to molest that kid!”
But they also establish earlier that, uh, when you’re in a situation, listen to your heart.
And if it’s someone that you know and that you’re friends with and you listen to your heart, you’re gonna let them in
Yup
So you’re fucked no matter what.
No matter what, the results end in being molested
That’s what happens to Corny…..Uh, so the next video--
...that creepy closeup of him, I expect to hear, like, flames and screaming in the background
Per--perhaps it doesn’t take place in Rapeville, but more in like, the general Kidnap County?
It’s a broad region
Uh, Nightmare on Drug Street
uh, okay, we got about four minutes into this...because, uhhh, fuck...fuck it, uh…
I don’t even want to talk--I have nothing--ok, it started off--
The very first line was funny.
Where we see the lineup of the kids, and we--we very slowly, like, dolly in on them--
…these chairs
Yeah, and they were in purgatory or whatever, and the one kid’s like “hey, wassup, I’m dead”
No, that was the girl who said that.
She was like “hi, I--I’m...I’m Jill”
No, she said “hi, I’m dead”
Hi, I’m dead
“Hi, I’m dead”
You said it like the black kid said it
*13 seconds ago*
“Hey, wassup, I’m dead”
You really did…
I think you’re making implications here…
Rich….I’m like “what?”
No, no...
He clearly sounded like Latino to me
Oh no, Space Cop is closing in
Space Cop looks better than this
It’s a compliment
And genuinely, when you watch a prank, kind of the funny part of that is the amazing...crazy reaction that the prankee receives after the prank happens…
You don’t see that
This is a montage of people looking very confused
Only six minutes have gone by
Basically, this episode is a series of failed executive decisions
We had to shut it off because it was...unbearable
The subject of bear attacks has the potential to mislead the public into thinking that every bear is a killer.
That is simply not true
No, it is
Narrator: Far from being dangerous…
Why don’t you go up to him and find out?

But the point is, after failure after failure after failure after failure after failure after failure, finally we arrived…
Hehehe
Which is also a failure
At the...
To the ultimate failure!
The treasure failure of the night, How to Spot Counterfeit Beanie Babies
This...is...15 minutes of a...fella with a moustache and grey hair talking to Becky and Becky and Vicky about how you can counterfeit...Beanie Babies?

We are on public access, right?

“Why would they waste their time on such an inconsequential thing?”

Rich, you were into Beanie Babies, right?
No
I remember
Like, in high school?
No
Yeah.
You used to save them, collect them
Now you’re just fucking with me
No…..I would not say anything like this...in front of a camera.
It’s embarrassing.
You know it’s true!
I know Mike well, he would never say anything defamatory
Thank you, Jack
I just noticed at the bottom of this--at the bottom of this video…”limited edition box”
Like the case for the tape?
THIS! FUCKING! TAPE! WAS COLLECTIBLE! Oh my god!!
Now you hate it
Do you think at one point, that was worth $5000?
No!
I think any--anything is worth whatever people are willing to pay for it
How to--How to Spot Counterfeit Beanie Babies feels like it’s coming from a very sincere place
Your passion plea for How to Spot Counterfeit Beanie Babies sure sounds like your pick for best of the worst
Oh no, it’s the egg one
...and I’m 80% sure that the actor in there is a voice actor from Invader Zim
None of those guys ever said…”horny for Corny.” Never once.
Cuz I sure was
What happens in the bushes, stays in the bushes
Exactly
Is what Corny always said to me
I appreciate even though he’s getting raped in one of his four buttholes that he kept safe by having a condom
He’s not real...he’s not real, so it’s ok
Yeah, Molestville is not a town...as far as I know
What do you mean?
Jack had already booked his vacation
Is that next to Pedo Falls?
Well we’ve got six VHS tapes set up like bowling pins, and I’ve got a bowling ball.
Guess what happens next...
Let’s bowl, let’s bowl, let’s rock ‘n roll
Fuck!
You almost hit the camera!
