Dec 28, 2017
Merry Kick-mas! - Karate Cop, The Christmas Light, Night of the Kickfighters
youtube.com/watch?v=PSqcvmLE0ek
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/946405627164753921
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-merry-kick-mas

Jay: Merry Christmas, Rich! Well, it's become tradition on our Christmas episodes of Best of the Worst that we have some sort of gimmick, and this year is no exception! 
Rich: Okay, Jay, so now that my crisis is over, what's, what's going on?
Jay: Uh, well, it's become tradition that we have two types of movies under the tree. We have terrible Christmas tapes, and then something else. And then you just open a package and see what you get, we've done, uh, Christmas or Cannon movies...we did, last year was the famous Christmas or Crocodile.
Rich: A rousing success!
Jay: So this year, Rich, we're celebrating Merry Kick-Mas. Where it's either Christmas movies or movies that have someone kicking on the cover.
Rich: Okay.
Jay: I was looking through our extensive library of tapes and we have many, many movies where people are doing high kicks on the cover
Rich: Hmm.
Jay: So that's what we got.
Rich: Hmmm, this, see, this is interesting. ChrismaraCannon, fairly obvious what you get with Cannon, but, like, like, just someone kicking on the cover, this could be anything from a kung fu movie to a video starring The Rockettes. So I have absolutely no idea what we're going to get.
Jay: Alright.
Rich: Should I, should I start? 
Jay: I...
Rich: Should I just...
Jay: Go ahead and open a present and see what we get.
Rich: Alright. I, I am going with this because, you know, this is just an odd-shaped box for a video and I want to see what's in here. Okay. Ey, alright! I could do with some Karate Cop.
Jay: Karate Cop! Look at that kick!
Rich: Martial law at its most lethal. Uh, Ron Martini and, uh, David Carradine.
Jay: Oh! No!
Rich: I, I don't know if you know this, but he starred in Kung Fu, the series?
Jay: Oh! Oh!
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: How embarrassing.
Rich: Yeah, I know, I can't think of anything more embarrassing than that!
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Rich: Uh, In the future, there is no law, or order. Only John Travis.
Travis: Name's Travis. John Travis.
Rich: Across a desolate LAND littered with ghost towns and haunted by desperate criminals. Oh, so this is...is this a Karate Cop movie that is also post-apocalyptic.
Jay: Post-apocalyptic kicking film.
Rich: I now love this movie.
Jay: Don't say that yet. You just doomed us.
Rich: Travis and Rachel, a beautiful scientist he saves from marauding scavengers, search for a hidden crystal, a stone which will enable them to activate a dormant transporting device. Are they just trying to get off the fucking planet, is that, in their frantic quest, they must defeat a gladiator killing machine in the martial, gmartial arts blood match. A fight to the death. I love it!
Jay: Well, this is either going to be an amazing piece of shlock, or 90 minutes of people wandering around a desert and then five minutes of punching and kicking.
Rich: Jay, this is Christmas, I have to have hope.
Jay: Okay. Oh, look, we got a mutant! 
Mike: Oh my god...it's Slade Craven.
Jay: Oh, maybe don't do close-ups of the makeup.
Mike: Boy oh boy, that movie sure was a hoot! It's a shame about all those autoerotic asphyxiation jokes, though...I really think we did them...in excess.
Rich: If you got that joke, please comment on this video.
Mike: I didn't realize there was a joke. Listen, it's time to open the next Christmas gift and discover which film on this episode of Christmas or...or...Kick-Mas it is. Well, this one is calling to me, it's right in the middle, Imma get this one. And it says Christmas on it. So I know it will not be a Kick-Mas film. Oh-ho-ho, no-ho-ho, it's The Christmas Light.
Rich: Nooo.
Mike: Ohh ho ho boy, um.
Rich: Oh no.
Mike: It says if you liked Toy Story, you'll love The Christmas Light.
Rich: Well, it's gotta be short, right? This gotta be a 20 minute-long piece of shit.
Mike: Uh, it claims to be the first computer animated Christmas story, uh...
Rich: I'm dubious.
Mike: 1995...hmm, we're at 22 minutes, Rich. Um, there's more text...than the Declaration of Independence on the back.
Rich: Oh, you read it, that was funv
Mike: There is a, there is an actual quote, which I thought was gonna be a quote about the movie and it says Toy Story is in no way associated with The Christmas Light. 22 minutes later of Christmas magic, here we are.
Jack: And Mike, I must say, Merry Kick-Mas and a Happy Knife Year.
Mike: What?
Jack: Happy New Year.
Mike: Oh, for a second...it sounded like you said.
Jack: Let's open this last present, uh...
Mike: Sure, sure, sure.
Jack: How about this one?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, go ahead and open that one, Jack. Wh-, oh! Ooh, sorry, I just...a couple of images just flashed through my mind for a second. Is it hot in here? I'm sweating.
Jack: It's fine.
Mike: Do people usually use knives to open Christmas gifts? I's a little weird, it's a little weird. Okay, Officer, I mean Jack, uh...Moonstruck? I can't see!
Jack: Oh my...Merry Kick-Mas indeed, it's Night of the Kickfighters.
Mike: It looks like that actor's face has been photoshopped onto a man with a better build, is it, is that me or...?
Jack: Kickfighting. Kickfighting like you've never seen it before, Night of the Ki-, this is, oh, my god, this looks amazing. A lightning fast kick could save the world from high tech slavery.
Mike: Hmm...oh, oh!
Jack: When a top level team of sophisticated intelligence operatives fronted by kickboxing master Bret Crady takes on a group of ruthless terrorists. Their mission: gain control of the HC-2000, a unique and powerful secret weapon capable of total global destruction.
Mike: You know, I think they could take any name and after it give it the credit of world famous kickboxing champion and no one on Earth except for Len Kabasinski would know...just, they made that up.
Jack: Yeah, like, uh, like, my, my buddy Andy, Andy Tuney...
Mike: Sure.
Jack: World kickboxing champion.
Mike: Oh, sure.
Jack: '97.
Mike: Yeah, oh, who knows.
Jack: Yeah, my, my, my aunt, uh, Gertie, Gertie Mill.
Mike: Gertie Mill?
Jack: Gertie Mill.
Mike: Okay, Gertie Mill is a, is a female kickboxing champion.
Jack: She, she's just a state level kickboxing champion, uh, in North Dakota.
Mike: Okay, okay.
Jack: So not a lotta competition...
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: Hard-hitting action explodes! In Night of the Kickfighters.
Mike: Does it also say, this film is not affiliated with Toy Story? 
Jack: This film is not affiliated with Toy Story in any way. It's amazing.
Rich: That man teleported firecrackers out of that computer.
Jay: He emailed him fireworks. Was this the worst Christmas...
Rich: Yes!
Jay: Ever?
Mike: Yes.
Jay: You didn't even have to think about it. Jack...explain Karate Cop, starring Ron Macaroni. Ron Manchini.
Mike: Ron Manchini.
Jay: Is that his name?
Mike: Marachini? Manchini.
Jay: Ron Marchini.
Mike: Marchini, Marchini.
Rich: Look, however you say it, he sounds like a pasta.
Mike: He might be good at martial arts.
Jay: He's not!
Mike: It's not displayed in this film.
Jay: The movie's called Karate Cop and there's no karate!
Rich: Like, why would you even call it Karate Cop, it takes place in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, you call it Wasteland Cop.
Mike: It sounds better.
Jay: Karate Cop has a nice ring to it. So much so that there's another movie called Karate Cop.
Jack: That is true, it does feel a little bit like those, like those Youtube videos that are made up from algorithms where they're just called like, Frozen Elsa Pregnant Spiderman Hulk.
Jay: Ohhh yeah, the ones Youtube's trying to crack down on?
Jack: Exactly! So this feels like it was created just from an algorithm of awesome stuff, and it's like, cops are cool, karate's awesome, Karate Cop.
Jay: Yeah, post-apocalypse, uhh, Indiana Jones.
Rich: Breast.
Jay: Just one?
Rich: Huge, bouncing breast.
Mike: Why are you saying it singular?
Rich: Breasts, I'm saying it plural!
Mike: No!
Jay: You said breast.
Mike: Did everybody hear breasts?
Rich: It sounds like that, I'm trying, I am trying.
Jay: Were you trying to say breasts?
Rich: Yes!
Jay: It legitimately sounded like you were just saying breast.
Jack: To be fair to Rich...
Rich: Whatever.
Jack: In that one shot, it did look like only one was bouncing.
Jay: It looked like one was trying to escape early on, so there's that.
Mike: Uh, the premise of the film, real quick, let's just, let's just nail this down, because we gotta move on from Karate Cop. It's, it's...all, it's like, it's like, a power level on a Nintendo game. I gotta hurry, I gotta hurry or there's gonna be nothing left
Rich: Because of the power level?
Mike: The memory level. My memory. If this was like an old Nintendo game, um...
Rich: I don't know what he's talking about. The theme of this movie is just like...but worse.
Jack: He has a sexy lady friend who dances with a snake, just like a James Bond villain, but significantly worse.
Jay: I was gonna say it's just like Night of the Kickfighters but worse. He's the worst actor, Ron Marchini. Which is exemplified the most in the one scene with David Carradine.
Mike: Hmm!
Jay: Who we all remember from, from dying...uh, while masturbating.
Mike: He did some other things in like but mainly we will remember him for choking to death. While jerking off. That's what he'll be known for.
Jay: Yes!
Mike: He did some film work.
Jay: Forever and always.
Rich: Wait, wait, David Carradine died via autoerotic asphyxiation? Wow, that's horribly embarrassing.
Jay: I know, I know.
Rich: Like if that happened, like, that would be the only thing people would remember about your entire life.
Jay: He'll never live it down.
Rich: He certainly won't live it down. Because he died via autoerotic asphyxiation.
Mike: It's on his fucking tombstone.
Jay: He died jerking off.
Rich: It doesn't even have his name .
Jay: No.
Rich: It just, his tombstone just says he died via autoerotic asphyxiation.
Mike: Just don't even remember who he was.
Jay: And then some sorta, wh, wh, is there like an emoji for embarrassment? Is that on his tombstone?
Rich: Is this the post-apocalypse or is this just Arkansas?
Mike: Ugh, his acting hurts me. Ron Marchini, he's been in a lot of movies, I've heard his name many times before.
Jay: He's been in 12 movies.
Mike: Len has talked about him.
Jay: Well, that's cuz that's Len. There's 20 kicks...we counted. There's 20 kicks...we counted. This is a movie where the plot doesn't matter, the acting is terrible, and the action is awful.
Mike: So he failed at his own demo reel. Ron Marchini sucks.
Jack: RIP, Ron.
Mike: Did he die?
Jack: I dunno.
Rich: Ehh, you know what? I don't hope for the peace part. Just...just die.
Mike: Just rest.
Rich: Yeah. Go to hell.
Jay: Oh! Oh, yeah.
Rich: Go to hell, you made Karate Cop!
Jay: Did you know David Carradine died of autoerotic asphyxiation.
Jack: A belt?
Jay: Yeah. He strangled himself while masturbating.
Rich: So did, so did Ron Mariachi. Only poorly.
Mike: So it's like the quality level of animation you see in, like, like, lawyer ads. Local...local law firm ads
Jay: Oh! What's the carpet cleaner guy?
Jack: Or, or the General car insurance.
Jay: The shocking thing is that this was kind of like, oh, this'll be funny because it's bad animation, it turns out that it was funny because it was batshit crazy! The plot is insane.
Rich: An elf gets mad that Santa rejects his exploding toy machine. And then he falls on the ground, explodes, and is reborn as an ice sculpture that dissolves and turns into an evil snowman.
Mike: When he dies, he becomes an entity.
Rich: We're talking about a Christmas cartoon for children.
All: Dan Haggerty?!
Jack: Yay!
Jay: Who may or may not have gotten drunker as he recorded his commentary.
Rich: We're talking about Dan Haggerty, I think this is pretty much a slam dunk sure thing.
Mike: He was drunk when he showed up.
Jay: No, he showed up and, you know, he recorded his first few lines, and then he had a little eggnog, and then he had more eggnog and then he continued.
Mike: With a wee nip of something.
Jack: And he recorded his lines in July, he just really likes eggnog.
Mike: She's the purity of Christmas, she's the one, remember she tries to make a secret deal with the evil, evil snowman in the, in the vagina. Remember? Rich...Rich is the one that pointed out that it looks like a vagina...I'm just, I'm just saying.
Mike: And the moral of the story is...it's a film about family.
Rich: But it keeps subverting your expectations.
Mike: It does subvert your expectations.
Jack: It keeps you engaged that way, like, like when Santa's sleigh had a little robot that tried to murder the snowman
Rich: I didn't expect that, I expected it to just be a sleigh, you know, a normal sleigh with reindeer.
Jack: Right.
Rich: But it was a rocket ship with a robot.
Jack: And then when our female protagonist joins forces with our main villain to seemingly go somewhere new, but then the villain just continues to be a bad guy, it's, it gets a little muddled, but I think that the overall message of hope is there.
Jay: Well, the point is that, uh, subversing your expectations in and of itself.
Mike: Subverting.
Jay: The point is that subverting your expectations in and of itself...
Rich: So when he does it he gets to take it again, when I do it it's fuck you?
Mike: I corrected Jack, too. I just don't correct you, because then we can use it in the video.
Jay: I was gonna make a Star Wars joke but it's over now.
Mike: Rich keeps cutting you off.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Rich: So I'm the bad guy?
Jay: You subverted expectations by cutting me off. And as we all know, subverting expectations in and of itself is an accomplishment. Regardless of how it is, how satisfying it is narratively.
Rich: You know, I like plot twists that make the story less interesting. But the best, the part about The Christmas Light is, you know, it's a story about a snowman, you see, I subverted your expectations by subverting the subversion! The thing that you thought was going to happen in the first place happens!
Jay: Nothing was accomplished but I'm satisfied because you subverted my expectations.
Jack: Yay!
Jay: Star Wars! In theaters now! Oh, the tape's trying to kill itself. So Rich, what is Night of the Kickfighters about?
Rich: Well, you know, contrary to what you'd think based on the title, it is not a movie about a large group of kickfighters who just invade a small town and just start kicking everybody. And the locals have to survive the night and avoid the deadly feet...That's kinda what I was hoping for in my heart of hearts.
Jay: I was hoping for more badly photoshopped faces onto muscular bodies...we don't get any of that.
Mike: Kickfighter looks a little like Vladimir Putin. He has the most unmemorable face.
Jay: Yeah. Worse, uh, it's a similar situation to, uh, Karate Cop, which is dad wants to make a movie as a vanity project. Uhh, we have Ron Marchini here, we have, uh...what's his name?
Jack: Andy.
Jay: Andy Bauman! Andy Bauman.
Mike: Your uncle.
Jay: No.
Jack: Uncle Andy.
Jay: He, we, we, we don't, we don't talk about Uncle Andy...we don't talk about him anymore. He made that...he had such a successful business and then he put all of his money into that kickfighter movie.
Mike: And now he lives in the backyard in a trailer.
Jay: But it's not a thing where it's like, oh! She can do all these personalities and accents, it's just inconsistent.
Mike: Yes, very inconsistent.
Rich: Wildly.
Jay: Wildly inconsistent.
Mike: Wildly inconsi-, inconsi-, consistent.
Jay: The Simpsons, what?
Mike: Wildly inconsistent.
Jay: Wildly The Simpsons.
Rich: Do you, do you want to take that again?
Mike: Inconsi-, don't worry, Jay will cut all this out.
Jay: Yeah, absolutely. Lurch/Star Trek character?
Mike: It's Mr. Homm.
Jay: Mr. Homm.
Mike: Uh...Lwaxana Troi's manservant.
Jay: Ohh! Really?
Rich: From the Star Trek.
Jay: Also known as the giant/Fireman from Twin Peaks.
Fireman: Two birds with one stone.
Jack: You know, that actor.
Jay: That guy.
Jack: That...
Mike: He goes back, he goes way back, in fact he was a...he played a munchkin in The Wizard of Oz. They had to do really, really innovative special effects at the time.
Jack: Like forced perspective, like he was actually...
Mike: He wanted to be part of The Lollipop Guild.
Munchkins singing: We represent the Lollipop Guild, the Lollipop Guild, the Lollipop Guild.
Mike: And so they were like, oh shit...
Jay: Stand way back there.
Mike: They invented like this crazy new, like, superlens to like, like, fit him in the shot.
Jack: He was actually...
Mike: It was half the production budget.
Jack: He was a diversity hire for little people.
Mike: Oh yeah, yeah.
Jay: Oh? Yeah.
Rich: It's why the beginning films weren't filmed in color, they had to save money.
Mike: Mr. Fleming, we have 58 midgets, we need, we need one extremely tall man...to balance everything out according to the law.
Rich: Or no, we could only find 50 midgets, we need 51...the only other actor we have is this 8 foot tall man.
Mike: Get the other lens! It doesn't take two hours to focus!
Rich: Sir, that lens has never been tested before!
Jack: I said strap it on!
Mike: It's got this big crank on it. We represent The Lollipop Guild. We'll fix the audio later!. The Lollipop Guild...
Rich: Have him talk really slow and then we'll speed it up in post!
Jay: But he has to assemble this ragtag team...to rescue a woman that's been kidnapped. Ocean's Eleven-style...uh, and we, we...
Mike: Ocean's Negative Eleven.
Jay: We painstakingly go through one after the other, he has to...
Mike: This guy laughing...at my bad jokes.
Rich: That's not bad.
Mike: Negative Eleven?
Rich: That's not bad.
Mike: It's bad.
Jay: So we're at the final action scene of the movie.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: When the movie finally gets interesting.
M:..Is that a pin of a boglin?
Jay: It is.
Mike: Where the fuck did you get a pin of a boglin? Boglins were great.
Jay: Well, speaking of, we were talking about the miniature building...there's also a wonderful prop, it's in one shot of the movie and we, we were so impressed that we made a point of writing it down to remembered to talk about it. What's that?
Rich: It's a fan.
Mike: Its a...
Rich: That's a fan with some model parts glued to it, that's the radar dish.
Jack: But, uh, uh, that was my favorite part of the prop, of the little miniature that they built was that they couldn't even take the miniature doodads off of it and glue them onto it, they just kept the tree on and their...
Jay: The whole thing, just spray painted gold or silver or whatever the fuck color it was 
Mike: It's weird, though...because it was like, like a oscillating fan, right?
Jay: Yeah
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Like one that, so, was this oscillating fan this big? Or was it...a really big model kit? Or was it a composite...image...
Jay: Well, you can get those oscillating fans that are like this big.
Mike: But no one has a model kit that's this big.
Jay: Uh...
Rich: It wasn't that much bigger than the fan, it was like, I think it might've been glued to somewhere up on the back?
Mike: This is what I'm talking about...This is what we're talking about...This is, this is our conversation
Jack: Welcome to the show, Mike. This is what we do every fucking episode.
Mike: Oh, geez...can't we just enjoy the magic of the film?...And the message? Which is, that it's a film about family?
Rich: But it also subverts your expectations because I did not expect a radar dish to look like an oscillating fan
Jack: And that's the kind of thing that keeps you constantly engaged. I did not expect a basement to be filled with water for no reason.
Mike: Somebody turned on the, that, the crank that opens this, this thing that...
Jay: A flood of water to this, uhh, hallway...waterproof hallway
Mike: And yet, like you...
Jay: It had no payoff 
Mike: It was a watertight building. It was like the end of Titanic when the ship's sinking and the water's coming up. Except for that was a ship in the ocean. And this is just a building. Where the water has plenty of places to go
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Buildings usually don't fill up with water...it rarely...
Jay: The doors have gaps under them.
Mike: Yeah, and then there's the outside, and the whole like we're on planet Earth thing, like, like, buildings are not the same as, as ships on the...
Jay: This movie subverts your expectations of reality...uh, speaking of subverting expectations, uh, we have to talk about the nunchucks.
Mike: Hmm.
Jack: He has nunchucks, we've never seen him use nunchucks before, but the idea, it was...
Jay: He's a kickfighter.
Jack: He's a kickfighter, it was supposed to be an Indiana Jones moment. But he's doing the fancy nunchuck stuff, but then the nunchucks are actually gunchucks. But it was nice!
Jay: Yeah, they don't even have a... 
Rich: Gun Chunks, Red Letter Media.
Jay: Gun chunks?
Mike: Gun chunks.
Jack: Little pieces of guns.
Mike: Rich, Rich.
Rich: Fuck my life! 
Mike: You know what? Rich needs a t-shirt that says, That's staying in!
Jay: Okay, we're at the end of the movie. Nothing happens. We somehow managed to talk about this thing for four hours despite the fact that nothing happens.
Mike: Oh, that was exquisite! That was exquisite.
Jay: That was beautiful.
Mike: He stumbled onto a bunch of burning oil barrels...and then cut to an unrelated explosion of oil barrels. That was great, that was great. But the ending...is, is on par with Blood Debts, if you ask  me, I mean, okay, I take it back, nothing will beat that reaction, I, I'm gonna say it's a few levels below Blood Debts, but it is amazing, because Israeli French German...uh, Inuit woman...woman of a thousand accents, her escape is to get into a speedboat...
Mike: Was that an explosion from Star Wars? 
Rich: Because as long as you subvert expectations, it doesn't matter what you do.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: The important thing is subverting your expectations.
Jay: Right. Narratively, it might, you know, make your entire movie fall on its face, but you subverted expectations.
Mike: The...Adam West had love for his daughter.
Jay: He never came back in the movie, did he?
Mike: No.
Rich: Of course not.
Mike: At the end of the day it's a film about family. And, uh, that's why it's my pick for best of the worst, Karate Cop can eat a, eat a bag of dicks.
Jay: Okay...Rich?
Rich: I...I was going to vote to destroy everything tonight, up until, literally, the only two minutes of entertainment I got out of the entire night. So by a fucking hair I'm giving it to Kickfighter.
Jay: So out of, uh, 90 minutes, 90 minutes, 20 minutes, all connected, you got two minutes of entertainment tonight, is that what you're saying?
Rich: That's what I'm saying.
Mike: It's kind of like the, the, the, The Last Jedi. Out of 187 minutes.
Jay: Got about two minutes of entertainment, yeah.
Rich: Yeah, yeah
Jay: There's two minutes of expectations that were subverted.
Rich: How did our Best of the Worst episode become a better The Last Jedi review?
Mike: This is our follow up. You know why, Rich? Because we're subverting expectations.
Jay: Ohhh my god, it's so narratively satisfying.
Mike: You expected a review of terrible B movies.
Jay: And it became a review of The Last Jedi.
Rich: It's also like The Last Jedi because this episode should've ended 20 minutes ago.
Mike: Alright, guys! It's time to kick Karate Cop into space! But remember, we've all gotta kick it at the same time and just as high as he kicks on the cover. Alright, we ready?....One...two...
