Oct 12, 2017
Plinketto #4 - Turbulence 3: Heavy Metal, Little Bigfoot, Feeders 
youtube.com/watch?v=Q7TxylhyW1Y
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/918607865383981057
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-plinketto-4

Jay: Well, Jack, we've dusted off the cobwebs, we pulled it out of storage, it's time for another Plinketto!
Jack: Woo! You know, Jay, I'm always happy to drop by for a Plinketto
Jay: First of all, we've got...again, Deathstalker 2
Jack: Nice! And Hell Squad
Jay: Steele Justice
Jack: Feeders! With, uh, a very obvious Halloween alien mask on the cover
Jay: I just saw that at a Spirit Halloween the other day. Exact same one
Jack: Nice
Jay: Uh, Time Burst: The Final Alliance. Which, I don't know which movie that is in the Time Burst series, but it's the last one
Jack: Player's choice!
Jay: Little Bigfoot! Starring...a hideous monster.
Jack: And someone in a Bigfoot costume Turbulence 3: Heavy Metal
Jay: Oh, with Rutger Hauer
Jack: Whaaat!
Jay: There we go. Uh, Virtual Combat starring Don The Dragon Wilson, and it cost somebody 85 cents.
Jack: Twin Dragon Encounter
Jay: Now, you're responsible for that one--
Jack: Yes
Jay: Where did that come from, or how did you even hear about it?
Jack: Uh, I saw a clip somewhere ages--I--I think I bought that for the studio 5 years ago at this point
Jay: It was right after we started Best of the Worst
Jack: And, uh, twin martial artists from Canada, I believe
Jay: And our last film, Alien Warrior!
Jack: Yeaah!
Jay: So now is the time where one of us goes up and drops the ball, uh, so let me know what I land on.
Jack: All right...Plinketto!
Jay: All right.
Jack: Plinketto!
Jay: Drop number one.
Jack: Turbulence 3...Heavy Metal...
Jay: Starring Rutger Hauer.
Jack: Starring Rutger Hauer.
Mike:  This is a terrible music video. In the context of the film.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: They just like filmed in a...
Jay: It's their production offices.
Mike: --offices. And they just keep going to negative. They should've pumped some money into making a crazy Marilyn Manson-esque video
Jay: All right, Turbulence 3: Heavy Metal, with Rutger Hauer, not starring.
Jack: Oh.
Jay: Just with. I could be wrong, but I think Turbulence, the first one was a theatrical movie, but this one has Joe Mantegna...uh, who you always want as the headliner of your film. Uh, taking terror to new heights! We've got the, did you ever see John Carpenter's Ghosts of Mars? This looks like the main bad guy from Ghosts of Mars. S-, oh no. Slade Craven, rock superstar.
Jack: Fuck yes!
Jay: ...and reigning king of Death Metal, which is in capital. Death is capitalized.
Jack: Of course.
Jay: has planned a concert unlike the world has ever seen. He'll be performing for a cargo load of lucky fans onboard a 747 jumbo jet as it flies from Los Angeles to Toronto. The entire spectacle will be broadcast on the internet via web music video network ZTV!
Jack: I love it!...Movie of the year. Yeah, why are all the fans...
Jay: Look it, they're just sitting there.
Mike:  --little seats.
Jay: They're very considerate fans.
Mike: It looks like a children's television show.
Jack: Right.
Jay: Yeah, this is like the Bozo the Clown show. But! Murder and mayhem take over as one sadistic fan hijacks the plane and kills anyone who gets in the way of his ultimate satanic plan!
Jack: Let's, let's rock out, with our cockpit out.
Mike: Ha! How stupid. Well, Jack, here. You take this...cuz I gotta check something. Nah, no. No, eh, forget it. Here, thanks. Ehh, I'm afraid of heights, Jack. I'm afraid of heights and I really, really have absolutely no interest in dropping the ball again on the Plinketto board. It fucking sucks, actually.
Jack: That's great, Mike.
Mike: I'm put in the position of randomly selecting the video that we all watch, if only there were someone else that could do this shit. It's a fucking nightmare! Okay. I wanna get Little Bigfoot. Da-da-da-da-da, oh my god. I got it!
Jack: Little Bigfoot!
Mike: I got it! How did I do that?
Jay: Is that Gerald Okamura from Samurai Cop?
Mike: Looked like it!
Jay: That's a surprise cameo, if so...it is!
Mike: Oh my god.
Jay: What? Why would you cast him in a movie where he's not doing, like, karate stuff? 
Rich: You fucking racist.
Jay: Well, that's...
Mike: Yeah, Jay, only Asian...
Jay: I'm talking about all his other roles, in other films.
Mike: And Rich is calling you a racist, that's the problem. Well, our second film we're watching today is called Little Bigfoot. Everyone needs a secret friend. That's not always true.
Jack: Kids, if someone says that they're your secret friend, tell your parents.
Mike: Immediately.
Jack: Right away.
Mike: Immediately. Especially if it's a man that looks like this. Uh, Little Bigfoot! It appears to be a film about a little Bigfoot, uh, it looks...like an Ewok? Mixed with a Bigfoot? I'm assuming it's going to be a child Bigfoot. That's my guess, um....
Jack: Little kids befriend a kid Bigfoot?
Mike: Yes. Deep in the heart of Cedar Creek, the Shoemaker kids are enjoying a quiet summer vacation. But! With the amazing discovery of a friendly little Bigfoot, they soon find themselves on the adventure of a lifetime! That's all.
Jack: Oh.
Mike: There's, nothin'. 99 minutes. That, that hurts. This is, uhh, what year is this? 1995. The bad guy, I'm gonna call it...old bald white corporate guy from a company that wants to deforest the area where Little Bigfoot lives with his family for corporate profit.
Jack: Boom!
Rich: All right, well! Those are two movies, and you know what? It's time for the third drop, Jack!
Jack: Yeah, yeah!
Rich: Third drop and I'm feelin' so lucky, all right! All right, let's see, where am I gonna put this sucker? I've done this so many times. Wait a minute, Jack! You, you've never gotten to drop the ball before, have you? 
Jack: No.
Rich: Uh, you know what, Jack?
Jack: What?
Rich: Uh, you know what, you just come on up here, I'm ju, I'm just gonna let you have, oh shit! No! No! No!
Jack: Wait, does that count? Does that still count?
Rich: Uh...
Jack: Fuck.
Rich: Yeah, Feeders! All right! Woo, all right let's go watch it! Feeders! I dropped the ba-all, I dropped the ba-all! Feeders! Feeders. Earth was just an appetizer! Out of the sky and onto your throats comes a lifeform more terrifying than anything you could have ever imagined. Plunging the world into a nightmare of apocalyptic proportions, Derek and Bennett are two weary travellers on route to the east coast when their vacation is interrupted by a UFO sighting and a deadly encounter with small, flesh-eating beings who begin a siege on the forest and nearby community, feeding on any living thing in their path! Derek and Bennett must fight for their lives and find a way to survive the unexpected horrors that await them! Filled with many stunning visual effects and the terrifying visitors themselves.
Jack: I, I think I found, ha, I'm gonna guess that there are no stunning visual effects.
Rich: Nooo, I, I, I'm starting to get a terrible feeling that is going to be like Things.
Mike: Stunning can be bad.
Jack: Stunningly bad, yeah.
Mike: Rich Evans is unimpressed.
Rich: Derek and Bennett stumbling around in the woods with these horrible puppet aliens. I'm starting to regret this. Be prepared for a close encounter of the worst kind! Let, let's go watch Feeders!
Jack: Let's stick our hands in a blender! 
Mike: I'm, I'm blanking on your name, dude.
Jack: Yeah, that's what happens...
Mike: It's like...Jim or something?
Jack: It's like, well, uh...
Mike: Something with a J.
Rich: And on today's Best of the Worst, we watched three movies and the first movie we watched, wa-, was Turbulence 3, Mike! Tell us about Turbulence 3.
Mike: I was just about to do that to you.
Rich: Well, fuck off! Fu-...
Mike: Uh, well...first of all, before we begin today's episode, I'd like to address these wonderful little tape holders/DVD holders/Blu-ray holders. 
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: That somebody sent to us, I don't know who.
Jay: Somebody made and sent them to us.
Mike: They're, I think they're 3D printed. Uh, so...
Rich: Thank you.
Mike: So thank you.
Rich: Thank you.
Jack: They're beautiful.
Mike: Whoever sent these in. Uh...
Jay: I'm sure we'll break them sooner rather than later.
Rich: You'll need to send in more!
Mike: Are you saying things are lax at...L.A.X? Is he talking...making a phone call with his microphone?
Jack: Yes.
Mike: My brain couldn't process what was happening.
Jay: I don't know if we've properly communicating how dumb this movie is.
Mike: They're gonna fly into the gateway to Hell.
Jay: This really does just keep getting dumber.
Mike: No, the new problem is the plane is on autopilot.
Jay: Now someone has to figure out.
Rich: If only we had a hacker, a, and we know how this is going to end, out of the rails.
Mike: You think the hacker is gonna control the plane with the computer?
Rich: He's either going to control the plane with the computer or he's gonna tell ‘em, I have my hacking....I have to hack the plane, I know how to land the plane, hit this button.
Mike: What would be the dumbest thing that could happen?
Rich: The hacker actually takes control of the plane.
Jay: Yeah, that would be the dumbest, if he literally hacks the plane.
Mike: The dumbest thing happened! Fuck you!
Jay: Flight simulators!
Mike: A joystick. A joystick.
Jay: Turbulence 3 defies cliches in the most unsatisfactory way possible.
Jack: Mom...older brother...main kid...younger sister...dog...and alien-like creature.
Jay: Oh, so kind of like that, that famous alien film, The Thing?
Mike: See, she has Down syndrome, doesn't she?
Jack: No, she's missing teeth and a bad actress.
Mike: Just drives off a cliff.
Rich: I don't know how to drive!
Mike: Are there as many car chases as there are scenes of Little Bigfoot masturbating?
Jack: He's a wild animal, that Little Bigfoot.
Jay: Someone in the creative process of this movie made a mistake. Uh, uh, they didn't realize that any close-up of Little Bigfoot, it looks like he's in the process of masturbating and having an orgasm.
Jack: And maybe part of that is his animal noises kind of sound like a monkey and it kind of sounds like he's enjoying himself.
Rich: He's constantly doing this, too.
Jack: And his, and his hands are below frame.
Mike: Do that again. No, no, make more like the masturbation face, just one, ju-, there you go. Put your hand under the table though.
Rich: Yeah, no. I'm not, I'm not giving you that much ammunition.
Jack: It's okay.
Rich: You have enough. And then, and then in the town, we're introduced to another character, who is an environmentalist veterinarian.
Jay: Yes.
Girl: Environmentalist first, veterinarian second.
Jay: Which, which could come in handy.
Rich: You would assume that were conveniently...except the veterinarian never meets up with Momma Bigfoot.
Jay: Well, we'll get to that, um...
Mike: This is like...
Rich: It's like blue balls. It's Little Bigfoot blue balls.
Jay: It's the perfect set up.
Rich: I love, I love animals, I love nature, I'm a veterinarian.
Jay: I know how to fix animals.
Mike: The blue balls part, Rich, is even further, further expanded when...
Rich: Yeah, yeah.
Mike:  The, the two little kids and the dog and...
Rich: You got blue balls with the two little kids and the dog?
Mike: No! No! No! They go in the cave and they get Momma Bigfoot in the cave.
Jay: They make that fucking thing get up and limp along in the woods.
Mike: And then it tries to rest on a log...and the log collapses...it's like insult to injury. Dumbass!
Rich: And then they just leave it there and run away!
Mike: Our the, our working theory was that the actors who played the veterinarian...quit, probably because of sexual harassment. There was that one scene where one of the loggers was like uhhh and like, grabbing her hair, and it seemed out of place or inappropriate, um, so, for whatever reason, she quit the, the movie, and they didn't shoot the scene where she...cures Momma Bigfoot, cuz at the end we see Momma Bigfoot on the mountain, like, waving.
Jay: The last time we saw Momma Bigfoot, she was dying next to a log. And now all of a sudden she's waving goodbye. And the last time we saw Little Bigfoot he had his foot caught in a bear trap.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: But now, the next time we see him, they're just waving goodbye like everything's okay!
Mike: The off screen gunshot from the hunter with, with the eyepatch.
Jack: Cuz there's a hunter with an eyepatch.
Mike: Who's aiming at Little Bigfoot and then we hear a gunshot, and then the guy from Star Trek: The Next Generation comes out, and he's like all is well!
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Little Bigfoot got out of the bear trap and Momma Bigfoot managed to cure herself of her gunshot wound, and is on a mountain.
Jack: They've big feet, they...
Mike: It seemed like there is 25 minutes of footage just missing.
Jay: They name him Bilbo, after Bilbo the Hobbit, which, in this movie, I guess The Hobbit is different than in our reality, where The Hobbit is a book about,, uh, you know, Hobbits...and fantasy.
Jack: Right.
Jay: Uh, the kid's looking at this book called Bilbo the Hobbit and it's like the mom made it? It's like a, like a bootleg of The Hobbit and she didn't remember the story? So she just made it about a little monkey man.
Jack: But it can't just be the mom because the veterinarian also knows about, like, the Hobbits on the Mountain.
Jay: Oh! Ok, so this is just an alternate reality where Hobbits are little ape people .
Jack: Apparently.
Mike: Unless Tolkien named Hobbits Hobbit after some kind of super old kind of folklore-y thing.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: That we're unaware of.
Rich: Bilbo's small, we'll call him Bilbo.They think he's a Hobbit, I dunno. That's the amount of thought that went into it.
Mike: It all just collapses. House of cards...I guess in order to have a house of cards you have to build it.This is just a pile of cards on the table.
Jack: Someone opens a card box and just throws it.
Mike: Smooshed them around the table and then, here you fuckers...Watch a midget...jerk off in the woods.
Rich: 90% loggers and logging log, 9% kids getting arrested.
Mike: Oh, is this a pie chart now?
Rich: And 1% Little Bigfoot...masturbating.
Mike:  What is the largest chunk of this pie chart?
Rich: Loggers just logging.
Jack: Yeahh, older brother's hanging out with the sexy vet.
Jay: So they were gonna do the love interest thing with the older brother I guess.
Rich: Ehh, pffft, who gives a shit?
Jay: Everyone in this movie looks like they just walked out of Napoleon Dynamite.
Rich: It's more fun for me, I think, when people who should know better and should be more experienced make something incomprehensibly bad.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: Rather than just some jackass who had a camera, of course it's gonna be shit.
Jay: Well, the Polonia brothers, Rich, they have a...a, a large filmography, they, they made many, many movies after this
Rich: All right, all right.
Jay: They made, uhh, what I guess is highly recommended more so than Feeders, which is Feeders 2...Slay Bells, the Christmas-themed sequel to Feeders, which I...we, has been recommended to us multiple times.
Jack: It was really important to me that we see Feeders first so we wouldn't be confused with the story...
Jay: Yeah, exactly. There's a lot of intricacies to the plot and the, the mythology of the aliens.
Jack: Cuz, like, what if they mention those babes...in Feeders 2, like, we wouldn't know what they were talking about. 
Jay: Oh, Mike almost had an emotion. And then, and then it went away.
Mike: Th, this is the stupidest thing. I hate this movie.
Rich: Thank you, thank you.
Mike: Yeah. No, it's god-awful. It's almost god-awful beyond even, like...using, uh, uh, 1% of my brain to even, like, form words to, to speak about it.
Rich: But, I mean, of course it's going to be god-awful and why even spend the time watching or thinking about it?
Mike: If, if, if...an eight year old made it,  I would say that's cute.
Jay: Sure.
Mike: It's that bad. It's so bad, it's like their friend made a couple of puppets. Well, let's use them in a movie.
Jay: That's probably exactly what happened.
Mike: My real question is, what is wrong with Pennsylvania?
Jack: Ohh, that's nice!
Mike: They shined a light at a window, Jack. I guess that's pretty good.
Jay: Pffffttt!
Jack: Mike--
Jay: You gotta look at this on a grading scale at this point.
Jack: Remember, remember the curve they're on, we're grading.
Mike: The Pennsylvania Curve.
Jack: The Pennsylvania Curve, here. They thought to shine a light through a window.
Jay: But it's like, if you have that access to, like, you guys look exactly alike and now there's a clone of you, utilize that, but they just fight for two seconds and then that's it, yeah, as it is, it has no relevance towards the little story the movie has. Why did they clone him?
Rich: Because they had a twin.
Jay: Cuz they had twins, yeah.
Mike: Uh oh.
Jack: Oh, he's the alien.
Rich: You don't need the, you don't need the aliens at all.
Mike: No. Well, you don't need this movie at all.
Rich: This is a fun summer, where you and your friends, on your time off, you have a lot of fun making a movie, and then you know, you edit it, and then you have a screening! You know, you, you invite your friends over and some of the family and everyone watches it, oh! Remember that fun time we had throwing the blood around? And then you take the movie and you put it in a bin, close the lid on the bin...and then you never talk about it again.
Rich: Historically, I would never want to watch this.
Jay: Sure, sure. But if you're someone that's interested in the history of shot-on-video movies. this is almost like...there's gotta be, there's more than just me out there that's interested in that kind of thing.
Jack: No, this is a real thing.
Jay: No, no! There, there, cuz it was a little bizarre subgenre, a sub-subgenre, um....
Jack: This is the precursor to all that we're doing now is people outside of the studio system making movies on their own, this, this is, this is the great great uncle who touches people inappropriately that led to us.
Rich: And I think this movie has no value whatsoever.
Jack: You got two guys who have no right to make a movie....they finished it, it was in stores for a while, it is now sitting in front of us and we watched it! That's amazing!...I'm not saying the movie's good.
Jay: It's a time capsule. And that's, that's kind of all it's noteworthy for.
Jack: It's also hot garbage.
Rich: All right, well, those, those were our movies tonight, I think we're at the point where we have to ask the question: which of these films is Best of the Worst? Mike!
Mike: It's a very good question, uh, Feeders I definitely think is the worst, umm, I don't care, I, I'll put it in a time capsule, Jay, and bury it. You and your fucking significance, historical signi-, open in the year five billion. after the Sun has consumed the Earth. Somebody hit the unanimous vote button!
Jack: Did something happen?
Mike: Yeah, there was a bunch of bells and whistles that went off and, uh, uh, text flashing on the screen that said unanimous winner!
Rich: You don't, you don't get to see it because it's in post.
Mike: It's in post.
Jack: Okay, so we all agree that Turbulence 3: Heavy Metal is the Best of the Worst.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: I would like to, uhh, submit to the panel that we destroy Little--
Mike: Oh!
Jack: --Big Foot. I think, uh, it does a bad job at being a ripoff.
Rich: See, I want to destroy Feeders for being a complete waste of my time.
Mike: Rich...I know Jay's not gonna agree.
Rich: I know!
Mike: He's gonna say Feeders.
Rich: I--I understand, I understand.
Mike: --should be put it a museum of--of video history.
Jay: Tryin' to make fun of me.
Jack: I agree with him.
Jay: He's trying.
Mike: It shows that the little guy can make--make a video and their video camera that ends up in a store, like...fuck that! I want to drop a million cinder blocks on Feeders, and and watch it shatter into a thousand pieces.
Rich: I--I have a compromise.
Jay: Oh?
Rich: We won't destroy Feeders.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: However, we will put it in a time capsule and bury it.
