Dec 4, 2017
Manners: Who Needs Them?, Top Slots - Spotting the Best, Surviving Edged Weapons
youtube.com/watch?v=p1sxc3V0lzQ
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/937856575448014848
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-16

Mike: Oh hey Josh, what are you doing?
Josh: Oh hey, I'm here because it's time for another Best of the Worst! And I'm here to pick out some movies.
Mike: Ohhh, no. Oh no, no, no, no...no, no, no...no--ho, ho, no, ho, no, no, no, no...no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You misunderstood. Oh, no, no, no, ho, no, no, no, no, ho, ho, no, no, no, no, no. No, ho, ho, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! I think you know what I mean.
Josh: I think so.
Mike: Ugh, show some enthusiasm! For Christ's sake, we're here to spin the Wheel of the Worst!
Josh: Why?
Mike: Random VHS tapes!....That are probably terrible, that we're going to watch.
Josh: Oh.
Mike: And then discuss, what else could you possibly want to do with your evening? What's the first film featured on the Wheel of the Worst?
Josh: Today's first film is called The Shocking Truth! What you should know about electrical safety running time: 18 minutes...A presentation by COM/Electric.
Mike: Okay!
Josh: Sounds like some conspiracy theories.
Mike: The shocking truth could be about anything from Louis CK to Charlie Rose. Now let's move on. Our second film is called Lights, Camera, Bubbles! I have a feeling this was on the Wheel of the Worst at some point.
Josh: I recognize this.
Mike: Didn't we even watch it?
Josh: I don't...remember that 
Mike: Oh...
Josh: Next is When Mom + Dad Break Up, hosted by Alan Thicke. I can finally find out what happened in my early childhood
Mike: This font and the text look very similar to Mr. Mom, doesn't it?
Josh: Yes.
Mike: Makes me think of that.
Josh: Yes.
Mike: ...were released around the same time.
Josh: I'm actually watching Mr. Mom tomorrow night.
Mike: That's the strangest thing that anyone's ever said to me.
Josh: It's understandable.
Mike: Uh, Casino Journal Publishing Group, the CJPG.
Josh: Hmm.
Mike: An esteemed organization.
Josh: Certainly.
Mike: Uhh, presents: Top Slots - Spotting...the Best. Oh! Top Slots. Spotting the Best.
Josh: Ah!
Mike: Shouldn't that be a semicolon?
Josh: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Dash is a little distracting.
Josh: But it's also formatted really badly.
Mike: Yeah, it's--it's, yeah.
Josh: Very confusing.
Mike: There's a lot going on that's wrong there. Hosted by Jimmy 'The Scot' Jordan.....Sounds like a mobster to me.
Josh: I don't know how I feel about that.Next up after that. Young People Ask: How Can I Make Real Friends? Pay attention, internet!
Mike: It should be called People Who Play Video Games: How Can I Make Real Friends? you know what I'm saying?
Josh: Oh.
Mike: High Impact: Fucklift Safety.
Josh: Oh! No, Mike, that--our next tape is...uh, Dog Lovers Care Guides presents Emergency First Aid, an introductory course, and look at the adorable pupper.
Mike: Awwww.
Josh: Gonna help that pupper, uh, if they're choking or something.
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Josh: What's next?
Mike: Oh! Next...uh.well...most...irrelevant video I think we've ever seen on the Wheel! The Y2K Family Survival Guide hosted by Leonard Nimoy.
Josh: Wow. Remember when Leonard Nimoy helped us all through the Y2K disaster?
Mike: I did, I did, yeah.
Josh: It was a--it was a--it was a beautiful time.
Mike: Who better to help you through a potential computer apocalypse than Mr. Spock?
Josh: Next up on the Wheel...Athletes For Abstinence: It Ain't Worth...It!
Mike: Maybe Athletes For Abstinence is athletes saying you should abstain from playing sports.
Josh: Ooh!
Mike: Because you're gonna get a fucking brain damage.
Josh: Geez.
Mike: Oh no! Don't go in the NFL, it ain't worth it!
Josh: Hmm-mhm, hmm, don't horn in on my actions, what they're saying.
Mike: Come out bankrupt and your brain won't work. I'm 24 years old and I have dementia and I'm bankrupt! It ain't worth it!
Josh: That's not worth it.
Mike: So what are you saying, I should abstain from sex?--Oh no!
Josh: No, no.
Mike: Abstain from being a linebacka! Go into accounting! Um...well, folks, this might be the best cover we've seen in a long time. Uh, this vid-, video 5 in a series called Agitation ellipsis, It's a Sign. And a picture of a very cranky old man. Uh, by the Senior Living University. Uhh, this is probably a video, uh, if you're a cranky old person, you may have some kind of medical problem.
Josh: Or that you've just lived long enough that you understand that everything is bullshit and no one will listen to you. Goddammit.
Mike: Next up!
Josh: Hmm? Oh!
Mike: Josh.
Josh: Next up, Manners! Who Needs 'Em?
Mike: Ohh goddd! This video? Ugh.
Josh: This is the day that we have to watch this .
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Josh: You did?
Mike: What?
Josh: Watch this one?
Mike: Oh, just shut up!
Josh: I don't, oh...you're gonna learn s-...
Mike: What, shu--wh--
Josh: You're--
Mike: Excuse me!
Josh: I'm not done tal-...the video that makes learning manners...fun. Huh.
Mike: Hmm. Anyways, you were talking about manners?
Josh: Uh, it's a 20 minute video. That's very--that's actually really thoughtful, that they pointed that out.
Mike: A video about manners...needs to be 16 hours long. Have you seen some of the people today? 
Josh: What's the last tape, thank God it's the last tape, what's the last tape, Mike?
Mike: Uh, last tape: Surviving Edged Weapons.
Josh: Wow!
Mike: Uh, The best police training film ever made. How to defeat today's fastest-growing threat. Intended for law enforcement only?
Josh: So if we get this one, only cops get to watch.
Mike: Yeah...obtain this?
Josh: We have to leave the room if it's on, I don't know.
Mike: Yeah. I'm not a member of the law enforcement.
Josh: I know, look at this--look at the work on this Edged Weapons, with the cut, it's like a Guns N' Roses album cover or something.
Mike: Yeah.
Josh: This some good shit!
Mike: Edged Weapons, amazing, simply amazing. Well, Josh!....You wanna give this, uh, Wheel a spin?
Josh: Suuuure. Uh--here we go!
Mike: Oh my god, the Wheel is spinning!
Josh: Oh boy!
Mike: Our fate is being decided.
Josh: Oh, boy. Oh, oh, oh.
Mike: Oh, god.
Josh: Ohhh...
Mike: Oh, my god.
Josh: Ohhh!
Mike: Manners: Who Needs 'Em?
Josh: Do you?
Jay: This is.this is the worst, though.
Rich: Alright, Mike! Are you ready to salvage this evening?
Mike: I am, Rich! I have a good feeling this last spin is gonna pick a great video. Here we go, I'm gonna give it a good spin.
Rich: I'm waiting, I'm waiting for it.
Mike: Ow! I gave it a good spin, Rich.
Rich: That's a good spin. I feel good about that.
Mike: Okay. Let's see, what do we got? Oh, my god. Surviving Edged Weapons!
Rich: We're frauds! We're truly frauds!
Mike: It's ironic cuz I have no manners. Milwaukee Cops vs Ninjas: The Training Video. This is my nightmare.
Rich: I don't remember the last time--no, no, there was no last time where I didn't finish a fucking Wheel episode viewing feeling like shit. I feel like--I feel like a million fucking dollars right now.
Jay: No, this kept getting better and better.
Mike: Maybe it's that Pac-Man shirt.
Rich: This Pac-Man shirt is fucking awesome and you can't handle it.
Mike: Let me just say this, if I had that shirt.I would be so ashamed. Now...
Josh: Wow!
Mike: Why don't you tell me all about manners and who needs 'em?
Rich: I--I would say that...that you need manners, Mike.
Jay: It's dreams within dreams, it's the last season of Twin Peaks.
Mike: Was Manners: Who Needs Them a David Lynch film?
Jay: It kinda feels like it with all the talk of dreams.
Mike: It makes more sense than Dune.
Rich: Can we find and embarrass this man? I wanna shake his hand...for having the courage to do that in front of a camera.
Mike: Well, he was probably like 20...now--now he's 45 and he has a wife and kids, and his kids are in college.
Jay: And this is like, nobody in the family knows about this video.
Mike: And now, a bunch of slobs from Wisconsin are--are talking about him, and now he's dead, a--and his wife and--and his grieving children are at the funeral and you're there in your Pac-Man shirt.
Jay: I think really you just show up with like an iPad with the rap loaded up.
Rich: Yeah, and just...
Jay: Just go up to...
Rich: You can dance through the funeral. Don't talk to anybody, just show up to the door with that already playing, and just...dance my way.
Josh: But you definitely, you definitely want to put some razor blades in your hat.
Mike: Ohhh...
Rich: Ohhh, we're not there yet! We're not there yet.
Mike: Yes, hopefully it's an open casket, so you can throw some MC Hammer plates on it--on it--on his corpse.
Jay: Some styrofoam silverware. Comically oversized styrofoam forks?
Mike: Yeah, and just say this is your husband's legacy. This is your husband's, and your father's, as you look to his children, this is his legacy, it's an embarrassing rap video, now part of Best of the Worst episode 128.
Jay: Or whatever episode this is.
Mike: Or whatever episode, yeah.
Josh: The last one.
Mike: And then, as they're lowering the casket into the earth, you...take a giant dump on it. While wearing your Pac-Man shirt, but no pants. And then you say to his.
Jay: Manners: who needs 'em? And then you just run away!
Mike: You say: Evan...Evans Out. I'm so sorry.
Rich: Why do you hate me so much?
Mike: No, I'm--I'm--this is your liberation, this is a beautiful moment.
Josh: He doesn't hate you, he hates George Washington.
Mike: I hate George Washington.
Josh: We all do.
Mike: And this man, whose rap embarrassed a nation. I'll have what he's having. That is the 1990s: How angry are you that you bought this video for information on xyz and got a scam tape? Jay.
Jay: Oh, man. This is a lot of pressure.
Rich: It's--it's an honor, Jay.
Josh: You can't go--you cannot go wrong.
Mike: The greatest video...that has ever graced this table.
Jay: Surviving Edged Weapons is the Citizen Kane of VHS 90s instructional video tapes. This is...the most amazing thing we've ever seen on Wheel of the Worst...maybe the most amazing thing we've ever seen on Best of the Worst as a whole.
Josh: It's that impressive.
Rich: That's not a joke.
Jay: It's--it's an exciting action film, it's legitimately informative, and in the most amazing plot twist that I've ever seen, we discovered, about 20 minutes into it, that it was made in Milwaukee!
Rich: That scene is where this movie went from being the absolute best instructional video ever made, and it--it went to a level where it is now competing with Lethal fucking Weapon! Unlike Lethal Weapon, you know Mel Gibson's gonna be fine, these cops...they could've died.
Jay: They get stabbed in the dick.
Rich: They're gonna get stabbed in the dick!
Jay: Which also happens!
Rich: You're afraid for these characters!
Josh: There's all sorts of crazy shit going on in Milwaukee I didn't even know about! 
Jay: Yeah!
Josh: Cuz you know what? After that, they took it a step further! There's horror music going on, open up the door, it's a fucking Satanic ritual! 
Josh: Yes!
Jay: Fuck yeah!
Mike: What!
Jay: Yeay!
Rich: Yes! Yes!
Jay: This is an interesting twist!
Rich: I fucking love this video! This...this video is so awesome it has three--three reenacted dick stabbings and then an autopsy photo of an actual dick stabbing!
Jay: Ohh did you look at it?
Josh: That was.
Rich: I had to.
Jay: You didn't had to, I didn't! I looked away!
Josh: Oh!
Rich: Oh god!
Jay: I'm not even looking.
Rich: I'm gonna die..tonight.from--from just the pure joy I have experienced.
Josh: Karma's gonna come around and stab us all.
Rich: I'm not gonna last the night. Horror, action, drama, comedy.
Jay: It has it all.
Rich: Everything!
Mike: There's even a moment in this video where they say sdfsdfdsfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdfsdcop, if--if you have been shot through the chest, and your lung is in danger of collapsing, you lean your head and you take out either a piece of plastic or a credit card, to hermetically seal the hole, to prevent your lung from collapsing.
Josh: I learned that, I didn't know that.
Mike: You do that...so you can live to fight another day. To shoot some motherfucker with an edged weapon.
Jay: May be Satanists, may be a gang member.
Mike: A tear came out of my eye and then it turned into a bald eagle....and it flew away! And I said this is the best video I've ever seen.
Jay: We gave this a standing ovation. That's the first time in Best of the Worst history.
Josh: That's true.
Rich: A legit standing ovation. I'm not gonna lie, I enjoyed Surviving Edged Weapons far more than I enjoyed the fucking Justice League movie, alright? Like, by far!
Jay: Oh, sure! Sure!
Rich: This box says the best police training film ever made and it's...it's not lying! It makes me wonder what their standards are because...they only gave it four stars!
Mike: Oh, well, Jay?
Jay: Well, Surviving Edged Weapons, of course, but I do wanna...uh, special accommodations, to Top Slots because I--I--I laughed so hard that I was crying at a certain point. Which, I can't remember the last time that happened.
Rich: I feel bad for Top Slots cuz...
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: It had no chance.
Jay: In any other night, this would be the winner. The--the part in Top Slots where he explains that like, he's--he's out of money and this is like the last slot he's gonna play...I was laughing so hard that I had tears in my eyes.
Mike: That was a, that was...
Jay: And that is, that is worth pointing out.
Mike: The master at beating the slot machines...has run out of money!

