Oct 26, 2017
Vampire Assassin, Hack-O-Lantern, Cathy's Curse
youtube.com/watch?v=W1QJazEHMUo
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/923600938832678912
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-vampire-assassin-hack-o-lantern-and-cathys-curse

Mike: Ow. Hmm! Well, Josh, looking around at all these spooky decorations, that means only one thing!
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: It's almost time for another national tragedy.
Josh: Oh. That's my newspaper app, there. I got an alert.
Mike: I got a news alert, too. Oh, Jesus Christ. 
Josh: Right on time.
Mike: Well, it's time to start tweeting.
Josh: Yep.
Mike: Hashtag thoughts and prayers...
Josh: Uh, hashtag not again...
Mike: Hashtag, pray for, eh...insert your city here.
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: Okay! I've done my part.
Josh: Yeah, feels good.
Mike: Yeah.
Josh: All right.
Mike: Well, speaking of horrific things, it's time to watch some terrible Halloween films!
Josh: Okay! Our first movie is called Vampire Assassin!
Mike: Oh, this movie's original title was Not Blade.
Josh: Uh, not starring, um, Ron Hall, Gerald Okamura, and Rudy Ray Moore.
Mike: Bitch, are you for real?
Josh: Uh, wow! Oh, the pictures on the back are just fantastic as it stands here, we've got some really good, uh, out of focus, uh, cheap vampire fangs there…
Mike: Looks like a person's head was squished to fit the size.
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: That they needed.
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Mike: It's a good sign.
Josh: Mel Novak. We've seen Mel Novak in a bunch of different movies.
Mike: Yeah.
Josh: But no one remembers him. All right, Derek Washington, a cop with a vengeance, must travel to the dark side and become the one thing he hates the most when a botched sting operation leads to the discovery of a deadly vampire who leads the undead
Mike: So there's bees in the film?
Josh: I hope so.
Mike: You said a botched sting operation.
Josh: Mm-mhm!
Josh: That's right. Seeking out the help of one of the last vampire hunters, Master Kao...oh, oh, Jesus! Oh, Jesus! Oh! Oh, God
Mike: I actually fell. I really did.
Josh: Oh, oh. That's good, that's-, thank you. Thank you, Rich. Thank you....You do good work. Good work around here 
Mike: Why do we have two copies of Honor and Glory...
Josh: Uh, seeking out the help of one of his la-, one of the last vampire hunters, Master Kao, Washington begins his training, determined to hunt the ultimate killer
Mike: Have they said anything about vampires yet?
Josh: Yea.h
Mike: Oh.
Jack: This reminds me of...Birdman soundtrack….jazz drums throughout the whole thing.
Rich: All right, well, we are two entirely different people, and that was Vampire Assassin!...Which we haven’t actually watched yet! Wasn't that amazing?
Jay: Oh, man!
Rich: Lots of great things to talk about.
Jay: Our next film, speaking of great things to talk about...Hack-O-Lantern, on Blu-ray.
Rich: That's a good sign.
Jay: No, it's not, Rich, because, uh, Doctor Butcher M.D. is on Blu-ray.
Rich: Oh.
Jay: Why don't you tell us what happens in Hack-O-Lantern? 
Rich: All right, now that I'm completely unexcited. Hack-O-Lantern, a film by Jag Mundhra…when Tommy was a boy...
Jay: That sounds like a...disease or something.
Rich: Well, yes. Yes. Yes, it sounds, it sounds like a disease.
Jay: I had to kee-, I had to take pills to keep my jag mundhra under control.
Rich: Did you catch that from Harvey Weinstein too? When Tommy was a boy, he saw his...
Jay: Tommy Wiseau, is that what you said?
Rich: No, it just says Tommy.
Jack: Was a boy.
Rich: When Tommy was a boy...
Jay: Ohhh...
Rich: Not Tommy Wiseau boy.
Mike: Boy-y-y.
Jay: Why so a boy?
Rich: Why so a boy? When Tommy was a boy, he saw his grandpa...Hy Pyke…..
Jay: That's his grandpa's name? 
Rich: Yes.
Jay: High Pike?
Rich: Hy Pyke.
Jay: Is that one word?
Rich: That's two words, no, H-Y P-Y-K-E.
Jay: Oh, that's the, oh, that's the actor.
Rich: That's the actor. It's a name, though. It's an actual name.
Jay: I don't know if any of these are real names.
Rich: The leader of a vicious cult, murder his father in a brutal ritual on Halloween night. Now, Tommy, Gregory Scott Cummings...hashtag, Harvey Weinstein...is 18.
Jay: I'm not convinced that any of these are real people.
Rich: And Grandpa is ready to indoctrinate him into the ways of the black arts.
Jay: Ohhh.
Rich: Hashtag, Harvey Weinstein.
Josh: That's I love you. When you put the thumb out, it's, I love you .
Jay: Oh yeah, this, this is...
Josh: Devil horns.
Jay: Satan, and this is I love you?
Josh: Yeah...Oh
Jay: Maybe they mean I love you.
Josh: All right.
Jay: They are related .
Josh: Fair enough.
Rich: But as night approaches, someone dressed like a member of the cult, whose face is hidden behind a devil mask...hashtag Harvey Weinstein...begins stalking and killing people connected to Tommy. Could it be Grandpa? Tommy himself? Or someone even more sinister...Hashtag, Harvey Weinstein. Behind these increasingly brutal murders. Directed by Jag Mundhra (Open House, The Jigsaw Murders, and...
Jay: These are real movies. Nothing about this, I'm not convinced this is a real movie.
Rich: We'll find out. Hack-O-Lantern is a lurid mix of slasher...giallo?
Jay: Giallo.
Rich: Giallo?
Jay: Italian slasher movies.
Rich: Oh! And supernatural horror set in the frenzied world of satanic panic. Previously only viewable as low-quality bootlegs. No shit...
Jay: Now viewable as a low-quality bootleg.
Rich: Massacre Video brings this distinctly sleazy… hashtag Harvey Weinstein, 80s classic to Blu-ray in a brand new restoration from its original 35mm camera negative and featuring revealing interviews with its producer and stars. All right!
Jay: What they're gonna reveal, information about...Harvey Weinstein?
Rich: That's too much.
Jay: Oh.
Rich: There's one over the...
Jay: One too many?
Rich: One too many.
Jay: Just...
Rich: Hashtag, Harvey Weinstein. Oh, my god, that magic marker!
Jay: No, Rich, that's a tattoo!
Mike: Ooohh, that was certainly a spooky movie.
Jack: Ohh, I'm chilled to my bones.
Mike: Oh my goodness.
Jack: Umm...let's talk about our third movie, our third movie. Which is...Cathy's Curse.
Mike: Um, the infamous...canuxploitation classic, is this from Canada?....That's a term that's new to me.
Jack: Uh, I don't think that's a term that exists outside that movie.
Mike: There's a tagline up here, I sent Mommy to the madhouse, I scared the butler to death, I threw Nanny out the window...
Jack: Okay.
Mike: ...ow three of us are left...Daddy, Dolly, and me, me, me! In 1947, a young girl is roasted alive in a car accident...oooooh...30 years later, her grown brother returns to their childhood home with his mentally unstable wife and sweet daughter Cathy.
Jack: Uh, okay, I'm with ya.
Mike: Okay.
Jack: So the, his sister died in a car accident in the 40s...
Mike: Her grown brother.
Jack: Now, now her brother's grown up, has a mentally unstable wife and a child, and are they going to their family house?
Mike: So Cathy's aunt would be the one that got burned in her car accident.
Jack: No. What?
Mike: Just, just...just think of something, something sweet. Think of, think of, like, poppy fields and rainbows and stuff while I read
Jack: Feeling good about...
Mike: The text.
Jack: Uh, why don't I take a calming moment and think about all of the Hollywood executives who have not molested anyone...‘kay, I'm done.
Mike: Oh, all right. But! When the dead aunt's vengeful spirit possesses the child, it will unleash an unnerving nightmare of creepy mediums? Demonic dolls...and plenty of sick 70s foul-mouthed moppet mayhem.
Mike: Well, let's fire up the Blu-ray player and find out what Cathy's curse is.
Jack: Go prime the pumps. That's how your Blu-ray player works.
Mike: Oh, we have a really old one.
Jack: Yeah, it's great.
Mike: It's gas-powered.
Jack: Yeah. That's what the joke was.
Jay: He was so angry he jolted up in between cuts. But anyway, the first movie that we watched was A Vampire in Brooklyn...what's the name of this movie? Vampire Assassin. Uhh, also known as Dull Blade.
Mike: Yes, Jay, that's a great joke!
Jay: That's, you know what, I came up with that joke completely on my own...
Mike: Jay, he's really clever! Dull Blade.
Jay: I take full credit for Dull Blade.
Rich: Fuck you!
Mike: Cut to footage.
Jay: Of me...saying the joke.
Mike: When you said it in, on, in the screening room.
Jay: In the screening room, there's, there's documented evidence of me saying it.
Rich: This is...Dull Blade.
Josh: That's the stuff.
Jay: That's why, right there. Uh, Mike! Vampire Assassin, what's it all about?
Mike: Um, what a giant, giant pile of shit.
Jack: But the important part that we need to reel back to, is that Siri makes an appearance in this movie.
Rich: Is that text to speech for her dialogue?
Mike: That's the original Siri.
Jack: Hey, Siri, read my script.
Mike: Before she got famous.
Jack: I am from a newspaper and I'm here to interview you for, for our newspaper. Would you like to go ON a date with me?
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: It's like right off the bat.
Jack: Ah, ah, what I want you to do is run that through a text to speech program and compare the two.
Jay: Just lay that over the video?
Josh: There's that sword that has, like, the extra little phalanges on the end, on the bottom.
Jay: Oh, yeah!
Mike: It's like a Klingon sword. The Klingon sword has the two little, tchk! I brought up Star Trek...
Jack: Oh, shit! Someone put money in the pot...put money in the Star Trek pot.
Mike: No, we're talking about the, when Gerald Okamura gives...Black Ninja, I don't know what his name is...
Josh: Karate Dad.
Rich: We get it! Kill the bad guy! Take us home!
Mike: Jesus, I'm so sorry...is that a frog?
Jay: So, the next film that we watched tonight was Hack-O-Lantern! By Jag Mundhra.
Jack: Jag Mundhra.
Jay: Uh, uh, Jack!
Jack: Yes!
Jay: Explain Hack-O-Lantern, the best movie...uh, of all time.
Josh: What!
Jack: The best movie...of all time.
Josh: It's not even the best movie we watched today!
Jay: Uh, well, before you get into it, I'm just gonna say right off the bat that I kind of loved Hack-O-Lantern. He's got a sweet Elvira poster on his wall.
Josh: See, that's the, that's the tight shit.
Jack: And there's a Halloween party. And there's sex in a graveyard.
Mike: You're neglecting to mention Satanic grandpa rapes his own daughter to conceive a child who will be spawn of Satan.
Jay: Yeah. Flashback to her wedding day?
Rich: Yeah, she was raped. And the kid's his son.
Jay: Ohhh, we're doing that.
Jack: With the wedding dress and everything?
Jay: Right before the wedding, that must've been an awkward ceremony.
Jack: Right?
Josh: But so, the product of this incest lies in his basement bedroom and listens to heavy metal.
Mike: And then, oh, and then she takes a trident from, uh, from Aquaman.
Josh: She turns a guitar into it.
Mike: She turns a guitar into a trident.
Jack: This is ealy DCEU crossover.
Mike: It's a very early, uh, uh...
Jack: I mean, they've been planning for this long.
Mike: Yeah, she's gonna show up in...in the Justice League film. And then he wakes up, and then we realized that...oh! I guess it was a dream, a nightmare, or a fantasy, we're not really sure.
Jay: Or a premonition.
Mike: Or a premonition.
Jay: We don't know and we'll never know. I think the only thing we're supposed to get out of that is that he's fucked up.
Mike: The whole time I've been smelling, like, cinnamon and floral smells, and I'm like Josh, you smell lovely.
Josh: Oh, it could be the...
Mike: It could be your beard…
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: It's the candle!
Mike: It's the candle, and then I realized...
Josh: All right.
Mike: It's the candle.
Jack: Did you, wait...
Josh: Thanks, Mike.
Jack: Did you rub something in your beard? Like, wh-...
Josh: I did!
Jack: Okay.
Josh: Jack, I condition the beard every day, you gotta keep it soft and nice.
Mike: Oh! Yeah!
Josh: It smells nice.
Mike: It really does! You guys wanna smell it? 
Jack: No.
Mike: No? It smells nice, it has a nice...
Josh: I smell that all day, cuz it goes up here, too.
Mike: And there's a nice odor to it.
Jack: This is the height of Best of the Worst. Just smelling Josh's beard.
Mike: For all of you out there in TV land, Josh's beard smells really nice. The mask looks like Ploo Kloon. The Jedi Master from the Star Wars prequels. Now, let's talk about...now, let's talk about what...
Josh: Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Mike: Now, let's talk about one of the wildest Halloween parties that ever happened in Bumfuck, Kansas. There is an Indian guy in drag underneath the stairs.
Jay: He's having a blast by himself
Mike: Why is that guy dancing by himself under the stairs?
Josh: Oh, he's having a great time, don't, don't fuck with him, look at, look at that guy.
Jack: He's very high.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: He's on lots of drugs.
Mike: Took some molly.
Jack: Yes.
Josh: He is loving life.
Jack: He's needs to be in a good place.
Jay: It takes some confidence to go to a party by yourself in drag and just dance in the corner with no one around you. Good for him.
Josh: Oh, yeah.
Jack: There is a stripper who goes full nude.
Mike: What kind of fucked-up party is this?
Jack: We fucked right there!
Josh: Your little brother? Yeah, fucked him!
Jack: You can still see his ass mark in the dirt.
Jay: Fuck your Satanic pumpkin! Is he...
Josh: What?
Jack: What?
Jay: Strangling her back?
Mike: With a corset.
Josh: That doesn't...
Jack: That's not how...
Josh: Okay, that'll do it.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: The knife'll do it.
Jack: What?
Jay: That was odd.
Rich: It's all fine. Everything's fine.
Jack: Is it?
Mike: Haha, have you cracked, Rich?
Jack: Rich is done .
So our final film!
Mike: Oh, thank god.
Rich: That bunny was a bitch!
Jay: This entire plot of this movie hinges on the fact that the daughter's like, don't hit that bunny in the road.
Josh: Uh, so but that's your prologue...oh. There you go.
Mike: Rich...Rich, Jack...Jack needs another beer.
Jack: I don't...I have any more of these. Now, I have a serious question.
Josh: Yep.
Jack: What were we talking about? 
Jay: Everyone's an art critic.
Mike: Jay, you're talking about a theoretical demonic possession of a doll, and, or, or not even a demonic possession, the possession of the spirit of a girl who died in a fiery car crash, who somehow wants to kill people.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: Out of vengeance or anger? You know what, 19-...
Jack: Your mother's a bitch!
Mike: 1970-something.
Jack: Your mother's a bitch!
Mike: And your mother's a bitch, and who knows.
Mike: There, there's that, like you said, I expected it to be batshit crazy.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It, it, there is this line, and it's a, it's a pretty thick line, it's not a thin line, it's a thick line, where movies are batshit crazy to where they're fun, or where they're like, make, sort of make sense, and this one was, like, on that line.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: Where it's like, wait, what? This doesn't, this sort of makes sense, but then that's where it falls, see, Hack-O-Lantern fell into that, in that region for me, so both of these two movies were like...weird, but not weird enough where they fell off the edge to where they're crazy and fun.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: It's like, it's like, ehh, falls into that terrible, terrible area we call frustrating.
Josh: I disagree! I disagree. Honestly, I feel like Cathy's Curse made...
Jay: What is happening?
Josh: This side of the line...
Mike: Would you call these two movies frustrating?
Jay: No.
Jack: No.
Jay: I wouldn't call either of them frustrating, actually.
Jack: You know what?
Josh: This one's frustrating
Jay: Yes!
Jack: And you know, Mike, here's the part is...
Mike: This one's clear as day to me. These are frustrating! 
Jack: I will call...
Mike: Y'all wrong! Where does demonic come in to the, to, to the area with Cathy's Curse...
Josh: There's no demonic, what are you talking about?
Mike: The, the fucking box says demonic, where, where's the...
Jay: Well, that's the box.
Josh: No, that's...
Mike: Exactly! Exactly! There's a little girl.
Josh: No! Mike!
Mike: Who got burned up in a car. Suddenly she's possessing a doll and doing demonic things.
Josh: She's a ghost!
Mike: But why is she so angry? Why is she killing elderly women?
Josh: Because her mom's a bitch!
Jay: That's it.
Josh: Yeah!
Mike: Don't make no fucking sense to me!.
Jay: The entire plot of the movie hinges on the fact that the little girl's mom is a bitch.
Josh: Yeah!
Jack: It's basic demonic doll possession.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: Look, there you go, demonic. It ain't possessed by a demon, it's possessed by the girl, uh, the ghost of a little girl who died in a car accident.
Jack: Right.
Jack: Oh, so it's a demonic possession is...
Mike: That bitch said demonic.
Jack: It's a ghost that died under un...ceremonial circumstances that doesn't have unfinished business in the world, hoodyat! Well that's Cathy, man!
Mike: Bitch, Laura ain't no demon, she's a little girl There ain't no demon in this film!
Jay: But you still understood it!
Mike: But there ain't no demon! 
Jay: But that's the fault of the box, you can't, you can't get pissed off at that.
Mike: That bitch right there said demonic!
Jack: A little girl can be a demon, yo!
Cathy: Go on, you filthy female cow, make us laugh.
Jack: Well, she just has unfinished business.
Mike: No!
Josh: She's a ghost...She's a ghost, she has unfinished business and she possesses...
Mike: Sure!
Josh: Cathy, to, in order to eliminate all females and naysayers
Mike: Yes.
Josh: Which apparently will finish her business.
Mike: Fair enough.
Rich: What's her unfinished business?
Josh: I don't know!
Jack: It's like...
Mike: There is none!
Jack: Literally, it's just her just be with her daddy.
Mike: That's why it's frustrating, because there's no fucking...
Josh: She wants to be with her daddy.
Jack: It's a plot that you could understand, but it's not so fucked up that it's funny! It's fine!
Jay: So! Um, I don't know if we properly explained any of these...this is a disaster...this night has been a disaster.
Josh: This castle's awful.
Jay: I'm gonna blame it on the castle.
Josh: Why are we here?
Jay: I'm gonna blame it on the environment.
Jack: I'm gonna blame the movies.
Mike: My pick for Best of the Worst is Vampire Assassin.
Josh: You fucking asshole!
Mike: Hack-O-Lantern and Cathy's Curse...beautiful, beautiful, uh, restoration film prints.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: I appreciate that...
Jay: This is true.
Mike: ...uh, marvelous little moments of weirdness, but it was just...too spread out, too diluted…
Jay: I cannot fucking believe you.
Mike: Vampire Assassin...uh, had some great moments in it...
Jack: What?
Mike: Some great fight scenes...
Jay: No!
Jack: What the fuck are you talking about?! 
Jay: No!
Mike: I loved...
Jack: What are you talking about?
Mike: Listen, I grew up on Len Kabasinski films. I enjoy a good bad kung fu B movie, and...
Jack: What are you talking about? 
Mike: No, I'm not doing this to be contrarian or to cause an upset.
Josh: I don't doubt that at all, I just don't understand...
Mike: If I were to pick which B movie I thought was the best, that I enjoyed the most...Vampire Assassin had the most...
Jay: You're fucking crazy! 
Mike: ...B-movie magic. Rudy Ray Moore, uh...
Jay: Rudy Ray no more.
Josh: Wasted him in his two scenes.
Mike: My vote is Vampire Assassin.
Jack: Of course Hack-O-Lantern is the easy choice for best of the worst!
Jay: Okay, so Jack, best of the worst?
Jack: And...for fuck's sake, you guys! 
Josh: Fuck you!
Jack: But Vampire Assassin! We need to have a conversation.
Mike: Pick your own best of the worst without judging mine.
Jay: So we're going to destroy Vampire Assassin.
Mike: The good thing is we have two copies, you go ahead and you destroy it all you want, Jay, cuz I have another copy
Jay: All right, so we're going to destroy both copies of Vampire Assassin.
Mike: Everybody...send more copies of Vampire Assassin.
