Jul 12, 2017
Wheel of the Worst #15 - Golden Road: Today’s Senior Drivers, Hangin’ with Leo!, Telepathic Communication with Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebb8baFaQ-s
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/885273060835831809
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154807540932634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-15

Oh!
It’s Jim and Colin! From Canada! You’re just in time! I was almost getting the Wheel ready! What?
What?
Oh.
No, not that Wheel.
I was talking about the new Wheel! This new Wheel, my final creation, is the ultimate word in non-cinematic video selection.
It has a 12 tape capacity, with optional DVD capabilities.
Tonight, we are going to watch 3 of these tapes…The first tape, Unauthorized History of Automatic Golf 
Automatic golf?
Automatic golf, that’s what is says.
What is--what is next?
Next we have Richie Derwald From Branson to Broadway.
Uhh, so Richie there looks like he’s made out of wax and melting
Covered in barbecue sauce
Yeah, he looks like he has that--the buttery glow of a Christmas turkey
He looks delicious
He’s red hot
He’s red hot, literally
Uh, next we have Tricky People.
“Can’t fool me! Safety rules from Yellowdyne” Neh--well--I don’t know what that is
Did you turn around to read that?
Uh…
Just read it from this side
Oh! That’s a good idea.
It’s a new Wheel, I’m not ready for this
Followed by Couch Potato Workout with Larry “Bud” Melman
More like Larry “Dead” Melman
He’s pro--is he--I’m sure he’s dead
Oh, wow
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
He’s dead
Next we have Lights, Camera, Bubbles.
“A wild romp through the world of bubbles."
"Good, clean fun for kids of all ages.”
Uhh, that guy looks like a pedophile 
Hmm
Hangin’ with Leo.
Uhh, Leo DiCaprio: The Unauthorized Documentary.
So I guess he didn’t say...I--”you can do this,” and uh...yeah, so, yeah, that’s that
I wonder if they’re gonna go into Leo’s Pussy Posse
Uh, well, you never know
His what?
His Pussy Posse
Toby Maguire, all his friends
Oh, was that a thing?
Yeah
Back in the, when Leo was, you know, hot...up-and-comer, uh....
This looks like it’s aimed at 12-year olds, so they probably bring up the Pussy Posse
Yeah
More pedophiles! Next on the Wheel is…
Unique Birthday Party Fun and Variety Show!
“Professional birthday party entertainment."
"Guests create their own balloon puppets.”
Cuz you’re too fucking lazy to make them for your guests, let them do--make their own
Twenty-eight minutes
“Use this VHS ‘cassette’ party after party!”
That is an amazing cover
It’s literally just a picture of a VHS cassette.
It literally--
For--for birthday parties
If they put any less effort into this, it would just be a black box
Oh my god And--and now here we have a returning, uh, favorite from, I believe, it was on the Wheel on the very first episode…
Oh my god
Didn’t watch it….Magic Star Traveler
Which looks part kid show and part New Age garbage, ‘cause they’re in some kind of….geometric shape
Part--part David Chapman
A Little Help….For Millennials: Mark David Chapman shot and killed John Lennon in December of 1980
John Lennon was one of The Beatles.
The Beatles were a very popular band.
Their influence in music can still be heard today!
Uh, next up is The Golden Road: Today’s Senior Drivers.
Uhh, features, uh, tips to become a safer driver, advice for families and friends, uh, detailed warning signs
Detailed warning signs, you see, see, uh, yeah, old in a car
Produced in association with the California Highway Patrol, so it’s gotta be good
Like CHiPS?
Yes...
Telepathic Communication with Animals!
With Penelope Smith
I know--I hope we land on this one...
Yeah, that’d be great
...to learn
I wonder if it’s just those three animals, though 
Just a dolphin--a dolphin, a wolf, and a--
Just a trio?
Do they fight crime?
Aw, that would be great
Uh, next up is Your Cat Wants a Massage!
Uhh...that cat looks like he wants a little bit more than a massage.
Uh, “your whiskers to tail guide to cat massage.” Hmm
….Another member of the Pussy Posse
Then finally, we have…!
Uh, this is Mr. Wiggles Sessions King Tut Style.
I can read that ‘cause I know gangsta graffiti
Otherwise I wouldn’t be able to...know how to read that.
Uh, this is, the cover is actually by...Mr. Wiggles, uh, Graphics Fix.
Sorry, “Graph fix”
“Graph fix”
So he’s…
“Graph fix”
He’s got a--he’s Mr. Wiggles and he also does tape graphics
Got a side business doing, uh, the graphic design for his own video tapes
All right
And I think he had his arms broken and fixed that way so he could look cooler?
Oh my god, that man has two elbows
No, it’s the Cobra.
He’s doing the Cobra
Looks more like a duck
No, it’s like--
He’s got--he’s got two elbow bumps
Hmm
Oh yeah
Well this is volume one, let’s hope there’s volume two
Maybe that’s why they call him Mr. Wiggles, ‘cause his hand is….
All right, who, who wants to give the new Wheel its first spin?
Oh my go-o-o-o-d what a great honour
Alright
I’m just assuming that it’s me
I--I--you--you just--you just--you just stepped all over Jim’s moment
Sorry, Jim
And now you’re gonna spin the Wheel, that’s fine
We discussed before--
Hey!
--that I was gonna spin it first, but, no, go ahead
Let’s do this together
Oh my goodness
Ready?
Both: One, two, three
Clockwise?
Clockwise!
A Little Help...For Millennials: “Clockwise refers to the direction the hands move on the face of a clock.
A “Clock” is that weird thing that you don’t know how to read so you just look at your phone.
Both: One, two, three!
Richie Derwald!
Richie Derwald!
Golden Road, here we come!
All she did was say their bones become less brittle and you started laughing
She didn’t….
I just picture, like, an old lady flying through a windshield
Well, Mike, that was Golden Sh--uh, uh, Road!
Golden Road!
Were you about to say “golden shower”?.....Do you watch videos like that in your private time?
You know what a golden shower is, right?
What’s the next w--w--tape we’re gonna watch?
In the w--in--on the Wheel?
I don’t know.
It’s undetermined yet until we spin the Wheel
So--so (?)
Oh, you want me to spin it?
Yeah
Heeeere weee go!
I’m gonna do like The Price is Right
I thought you were gonna manually spin it till you found the tape you wanted
Oh no!
No!
It finally happened!
...Who put this on there?
It’s Jay
Fuck this--it was Jay?....Goddammit, Jay…..goddammit
Fuck this
Come on, everybody!
Man: Leo’s very playful nature is instantly infectious with his co-stars  
“So is his herpes”
Rich, has anybody complimented you yet on your fine craftsmanship of the new Wheel?
Not on camera, no
Ok, well I would like to comment that this is a wonderful job, and it would be a shame if anything ever happens to it.
But I’m sure that will never happen
You know--you know, I made it flat for a reason?....Can’t...since it’s flat, you can’t knock it over, quite…
Oh, I’m sure there’s still plenty of things that could be done to this Wheel, but I can guarantee that they will not ever happen
Well, let’s hope we land on a good one, Jay, spin the Wheel!
Come on, Telepathic Communication with Animals!
Come on!
Slow down!
Almost!
Come on!
YES!
Telepathic--
YES!
YES!
J:--with Animals
Woooo!
Fuck yeah!
Woooo!!!
These people look like they belong in the bar scene from Galaxy Invader
Ohh--
Ohhh, yeah!
Yeah, it’s weird, the whole thing is like, in the woods…
Yeah
These all look like desperate weirdos
Yeah.
It’s like a Star Wars fan film
Have, like, a dog play the wookie
Uh, well...here we are again.
This nightmare never ends
Um, The Golden Rod, The Golden Road, uh, “one of the best gifts you will ever give a loved one, a friend, a neighbor, or yourself.”
We’ve already given the internet all of the best gifs 
Man: Loved ones must also be on the lookout for warning signs
Oh, no
Oh, oh, there’s blood!
This is the warning signs the family are noticing, the dents...in your mother’s car
Warning signs: there’s a small child on your grill
So many elderly people are plowing through crowds, they’re...ISIS is starting to recruit elderly people
There were scenes of aerobics
Oh, yeah yeah yeah
That’s right
Yep
A mansion that looked exactly like the mansion in Eyes Wide Shut
And there, they--
Which is ironic ‘cause the elderly can’t see the road at night
And they keep cutting back to it and back to it again, uh…
Eyes Wide Shut is about napping 
“Does your parent’s car have new dents or nicks?” This is, like, speaking to the, the kids or the younger family members 
A child shoe...perhaps?
A f--
In the grill?
A finger lodged in the front
Have they pledged allegiance to ISIS?
Well, they did hire Robert Stack to do the narration, which--which made it very ominous to begin with
A Little Help...For Millennials: Robert Stack is an actor that hosted a show called “Unsolved Mysteries” from 1987 - 2002.
An “Unsolved Mystery” is a mystery that has not yet been solved!
I thought you were gonna bring up the map of the US when they’re like--
Oh yeah
They’re like “these states require extra testing after age 80,” but then they’re like “the most accidents occur in these states” and it’s every state--
Which is like every other state
Florida--that’ll never happen in Florida because those elderly down there can vote.
“We’re gonna strike down this law that makes it safer on the roads!"
"Just because I have Alzheimer’s and I don’t know the difference between a, a car and a boat doesn’t mean I shouldn’t be able to drive down the river!”
Smash cut to, uh, roast beef on special.40-50 percent off roast beef smell bad, it depends
It’s like “Leo’s cool and collected, he knows what he’s doing, he’s savin’ up his money,” and then like, a minute later somebody say, “well you know, he’s kind of stressed out lately, and, you know, the fame might be getting to ‘im! Leo--Leo, he’s--he’s not ready to settle down, he’s, you know, he’s--all-all the different women…”
“He could surprise us at any moment and find the one!”
These people make--keep cutting back to these celebrity experts who are ce--
Did you make this?
Celebrity journalists
Did you?
Did you?
I--I--I understand the sleaze behind it, Mike...that these people who are just--are making up shit...so they can sell a video to horny teen girls
Don’t be cynical now
Yeah, they’re not necessarily horny, they actually might just really have a crush on him.
I mean, why does a teenage girl have to be horny?
Like she could just be like “he’s so cute and one day I’d like to marry him and….”
Tha--tha--that saddens you?
No!
I just--I just think there is room for...uh, having a crush on someone and liking a celebrity without sex.
All the time, sex
Jim, do you have...do you have a crush on Leo DiCaprio?
Why did we put this on the Wheel?.....Why?Why?
Let’s talk about the tape itself…..
Uh--or--okay, Mike…
Yeah
You believe in ghosts?
Do you also believe in this crazy thing?
Too...
You do.
I find the paranormal fascinating, that--that doesn’t mean I believe in ghosts...no!
This video is--is crackpot central, it is--it is--it is weird, lonely ladies...cat ladies, uh, in somewhere in, probably California on--on weird farms, possibly hippie communes
Possibly the same one!
Maybe the same one, w….weirdos who think that this weird lady can talk to their animals for them and...these people are nutso…….On that note, I’d like to talk to you about my belief in ghosts
That’s not true
No
How could the puddle dry up fast enough that the goldfish are still alive by the time she….
You’re questioning that over the fact that the goldfish telepathically asked for help?
Do you think this is bullshit?
This is copyright 1990, but clearly she goes through...uh...transformations throughout--
Like four--
Where she looks completely uh, unfamiliar and…
There was a point we didn’t know if it was the same person
Right
Maybe that’s the cost of using her psychic power, every time she tries to talk to a dog, she ages in dog years
Well apparently it--
Like...becomes the dog, because it was saying, you know, you think like the animal and talk, and, like…
She lost ten years of her physical self...to tell this lady that this dog...needed a treat
“He so--he likes food…”
“He’s very happy to be with you, but he would like more treats” (?) “I can tell you how your cat feels but I’ll get arthritis”
“Please tell me……(?) he doesn’t like the placement of his litter box (?) At the end of The Last Crusade
That’ll happen if she tries to do, like, an elephant
Yeah
And then, when the dust clears--
It would just be like a swastika--
I was gonna say that, the dust flies away and you still see the swastika.
“Why was that there? I--I--”
“I heard she was a Nazi” 
I guess she was...
Uh--
Hitler was learning how to talk to animals…
He was gonna use...rhinos to conquer England
Spider monkeys
What if she got, like, telepathic abilities because her mother was involved in, like, Nazi experiments in, like, World War 2?
“Let me tell you how--”
She’s the end result of one of those Nazi experiments
Yeah!
She got, like--
To train an army of rhinos…
“People create!”
...to fight the Third Reich!
“An army of people who can speak to animals!”
That’s why Stalin had to--to counter that with his hybrid ape human program
Ohhhh
What?
Was that real?
That’s a--that’s a real thing
Wha-a-a-a-t!
Supposedly…
That’s crazy
It’s--it’s a real thing I heard, I don’t know if it’s actually true, but I’ve heard...that Stalin tried...to...force...a human, to mate with a gorilla!
Oh no
So he could have…so…so...
Can somebody get me a paper towel?
This woman looks like Lion-O from Thundercats
There was a bit of bullshit going on there, which leads me back to my…
You think so?
Oh!
The video ha--i--is bullshit?
What?
That’s where they lost me, when they said the dog went to another--I was buying it up to that point and she can talk to fucking gophers and horses
“These spider monkeys helped me get through my 3 divorces”
How much of this telepathy is lost in translation where it’s like a broken telephone?
Well, none of it, because there’s no actual communication going on
Or...are dogs liars?
That’s also true
It just wanted to eat that fucking chicken
He’s like “yeah, ooh yeah...I’m a murderous crazy dog, I wanna eat chickens.
I’ll tell this bitch anything to get her out of here.
Keep me from eating chickens.” The animals are smarter than her
“Want a...cracker graph?”
“Test for a parrot?"
“Do you, do you not want a cracker?”
Mike.
Mike, that is so dumb it’s funny
Where was she when the whole Harambe thing was going on?
Penelope Smith...zoo hostage negotiator
You know what they need to do?
You know that--that gorilla that knows sign language?
Koko
They need to have...they need to have Koko explain that Penelope is full of shit when Penelope is completely wrong about what Koko is thinking
That’d be amazing
It could be like a setup, you know, “Penelope, we need to tell you, we need you to tell us what this gorilla’s thinking,” she’ll do a full reading, “what we didn’t tell you is that this gorilla knows sign language!
Koko!
Is what she said accurate?”
“Koko, is she a fraud?”
Three of us picked it and, and you didn’t, and whic--which I--I think is a little weird
I don’t know what you want from me right now.
I don’t….What am I supposed to do?
Get upset that my tape didn’t win?
In this stupid--show, that--that the voting doesn’t matter?
Am I supposed to--”oh, oh, that Golden Road, it should’ve won!”
Well….how do we destroy the Leonardo DiCaprio tape?
Should we just try to find him and throw it at him?
Needs to get ripped apart by, like, fangirls.
Fangirl groupies
Maybe we could take the tape to a gym?Send it to the beach and then film it through a hole cut in, like, a changing room tent
Make the tape have sex with a supermodel?
Throw it into a bear den, oh, or that
Do it!
Do it!
Just do it!
Just do it!
Thundercats?
This is the wrong tape!
