Jul 9, 2018
Wheel of the Worst #17 - Celebration of Age: The Croning Ceremony, Hug-a-Tree and Survive, Mr. Wiggles Session Vol. # One - Dance King Tut Style, World Wide Web of Deceit
youtube.com/watch?time_continue=173&v=03XdyJN_hR8
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1016420031826145281
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-wheel-of-the-worst-17

Jim: I'm Star Wars! Pew!
Mike: Look at this, watch this! This is the Falcon from the hit film Solo: A Star Wars Story. Even the little plating comes off. We're just like a bunch of grown up white man babies
Jim: Pew!
Mike: I love Star Wars. Wait, the Millennium Falcons don't fight each other.
Jim: Oh.
Mike: What are you, stupid?
JM:...Star Wars?
Mike: Fuck this. This crap over here… This crap. We've got real work to do, gentlemen!
Jim: Like what?
Mike: We have a Wheel of the Worst in front of us.
Colin: Oh my god!
Mike: Well, I guess this is how we'll spend our valuable time togetheRich: watching terrible videos and DVDs. Randomly selected from the Wheel of Misfortune. How much longer can I do this for?...Doctor says I got a bum liver...got so much time left on this planet...
Colin: Bum liver?
Mike: Oh, did I say that out loud?...Like, I have the liver of a bum.
Colin: Oh-ho-ho-ho.
Mike: That's how excessively I drink. Also, the liver is bad.
Colin: Did you get it from a bum?
Mike: I did...I, I had to have an emergency liver...liveroctomy, and they replaced my liver, but they can only get one from an alcoholic homeless man, so it was about the same.
Colin: Was this...where did you get this done?
Mike: Some kind of, like, like, it was in a nail salon. But the, the Asian woman assured me she was a doctor.
Colin: Ohh, okay.
Jim: So she put the liver in your bum?
Mike: Ye, yeah, at first. And I had to explain to her that it's like, right here, pretty much. It's in a different spot
Colin: It's like, right.
Mike: ...She got out an anatomy book, although I think it may have been a People magazine. Anyways! Our first film is called...World Wide Web of Deceit. Umm, I guess these are the authors, James Robinson and Steve Lane are the creators of it.
Colin: Maybe it's these two kids?
Mike: The, the, that's...
Jim: Hey, Mr. Wiggles Sessions Volume 1 King Tut Style. 
Colin: Oh my God.
Jim: With gangsta writing.
Colin: We've seen this before.
Jim: I feel like I've said this before.
Mike: This has been on the Wheel before.
Jim: It has.
Colin: You can check out his website mrwiggleshiphop.net .
Mike: Dot net. Sounds like a fake address.
Colin: Oh...I don't know, I'm assuming this is some kind of like, dance video?
Mike: Yeah, don't worry, we're not gonna land on it. Don't worry. What's uh, what's up next, Colin?
Colin: Richie Derwald, we've seen this one before, too.
Jim: He's covered in barbecue sauce!
Colin: Yeah, he looks like a rotisserie chicken or someone put a blond wig on a Peking duck.
Jim: And he signed it!
Mike: It is an autographed...
Colin: Wait!
Mike: ...copy.
Colin: I thought that said Rachel Dead.
Mike: It's a haunted tape.
Colin: Oh my God.
Mike: It's like The Ring. Well, this next tape is for both of you guys.
Colin: Oh my God.
Mike: Introducing.
Colin: Hug-A-Tree and Survive?
Mike: No, no, read the spine.
Colin: Oh, Hug-A-Tree and Survive Canada.
Jim: Huh.
Mike: Yeah. Well, clearly it's like a nature video? Um, probably, I was thinking like Smokey the Bear, like, how to prevent forest fires, but...the, the weird thing is it's Hug-A-Tree and Survive Canada.
Jim: Right.
Mike: I, I wanna say Hug-A-Tree and Survive is a series of videos.
Colin: And this is Canada...
Mike: And this is Canada, but they didn't use any kind of punctuation to indicate that.
Jim: Rent-A-Friend. Hi, I wanna be your friend! Unbelievable!, Oprah Winfrey. Is he, is he a joke? Is he for real? You decide! Rent-A-Friend. America's original video companion. Available for the first time since 1987
Colin: As seen on Letterman, Oprah...People Magazine!
Mike: Ah!
Colin: CNN.
Mike: That's where my doctor gets her information. Oh, apparently Oprah needed a friend.
Colin: Oh. Doesn't she have Stedman? 
Mike: I was gonna make a Stedman joke.
Jim: The, the smoothest, keenest friend possible! The Washington Post.
Mike: I cannot believe that's real.
Colin: Maybe the unbelievable! comment is just her saying, unbelievable! I can't believe someone would make this fucking...
Mike: At some point Oprah did say unbelievable! in her life.
Colin: Dot dot dot.
Mike: So it's an accurate quote.
Jim: Or maybe he finds Oprah Winfrey unbelievable and just wanted to put that on the DVD. I find Oprah Winfrey unbelievable, don't you?
Colin: There's like a space here, so it's: unbelievahble.
Mike: Oh-ho-ho yeah.
Colin: Unbeliev ble.
Mike: There is an accidental space there. Unbeliev...able! Uh.
Colin: Oh my God...he's, he's the original. 
Mike: He's the original...
Colin: Oh-ho my Go-o-o-o-o-d, yes. David Carradine's Tai Chi Workout. The fitness program that began 2500 years ago.
Mike: Oh boy.
Colin: When he was first starting his career, probably.
Jim: It's a nice cover.
Mike: This is pro, yeah, the packaging suggests there was some care put into this. Um, that, that and Richie Derwald's case also suggests that, but...get your autoerotic asphyxiation jokes ready.
Colin: Alright.
Mike: Because it's time to talk about, Celebration of Age: The. Cro-, Croning Ceremony.
Colin: The Croning Ceremony?
Mike: Jim, tell us all about this one.
Jim: Celebration of Age: The Croning Ceremony. Joyous and Inspirational Older Women, Sharing Stories and Wisdom, History and Heritage.
Colin: Oh Jesus Christ.
Jim: We're in for a ride.
Mike: I'm not even sure what this is a picture of...
Jim: Is that heaven?
Mike: It's a...is that a...I can't even make heads or tails of that.
Colin: I don't know, it's some weird abstract piece. What the hell is a croning? Like, an old crone? I hope we land on it.
Jim: Can't wait.
Colin: ‘Cause...you hate the elderly.
Mike: I don't hate all elderly.
Colin: Just, just, just the living ones.
Mike: Just the ones that are still alive. And in my way.
Colin: Speaking of which...
Mike: Now...yeah, uh, a wonderful transition to our next tape. Arranging A Funeral.
Colin: What Really Happens.
Mike: ...What Really Happens… We get to see how the sausage is made.
Colin: So to speak.
Mike: So to speak. L.A., and Vancouver, British Columbia.
Jim: Oh, neat .
Colin: Apparently there's lots of people dying on the west coast.
Mike: ...just die on the border of both countries. We're gonna bury that one half up here and the other half down there! Arranging Two Half-Funerals. That really works. You start with a saw...and two half-coffins….Family can fight over who gets Grandma's lower half. I don't know what to say anymore. The nightmare never ends. Stand...
Jim: Stand2Pee.
Colin: Stand2Pee.com. This is actually a website.
Mike: Rich, why is this on here? You did this.
Jim: Teaching women how to pee standing up.
Mike: Our next tape.
Jim: S & M: Sweat and Muscle.
Colin: Oh God...
Jim: Dot com. The Dominatrix Workout. Kick the...Dick the Gimp. Leather Mistress Desdemona.
Colin: ...to be tied.
Jim: Mistress Jane
Colin: Dick the Gimp. Oh my God, it's right, I thought you were joking. That's another volume one.
Jim: Huh!
Mike: I know, I know who filled the tape, this wheel up with tapes.
Jim: Next up is, uhh, the Talking Heads video...Open Flame with David Byrne. Grade 7, 8, and 9.
Colin: ...I don't know what the hell is going on.
Jim: I dunno, is his head melting through the window pane?
Colin: Well, the side says, Code, it's the Canadian Offensive on Drug Education.
Jim: Ohh
Colin: So this is a Canadian...drug educational video.
Mike: The Canadian version of D.A.R.E.? I don't know, this cover makes drugs look awesome.
Colin: Yeah. Brawlin' Broads. Hosted by the Boone Brothers. Uh, for mature audiences.
Jim: Hmm.
Colin: So this is like, uh, foxy boxing or something like that?
Mike: Uhhhh, uhh, more like bumfights, I would imagine.
Colin: Bumfights? So someone's gonna die...at the end of this.
Jim: Are these the Boone brothers? 
Mike: I would imagine so.
Jim: Cuz he looks pretty young. This for mature audiences? Feels like he's 8.
Mike: Maybe he just has, like, like a, a disease.
Colin: I'm getting like an American Flatulators vibe...
Jim: Hmm mhm, that's not a good...
Colin: If they're not real fighters, this is all gonna be some fakey.
Mike: Oh Lord.
Colin: Like, Glow, sort of...foxy wrestling.
Mike: I think it's worse than we ever thought
Colin: Oh no.
Mike: This tape...I already wanna have a shower. And I just looked at the box. So, it's time to spin the wheel!
Jim: Alright, Colin, let's spin the wheel.
Mike: W, wait, wait, wait, wait. I seem to remember you guys having some trouble last time. How about I spin the Wheel? Alright, here we go. Here it goes. Oh Lord. Holy shit!
Colin: Oh my God!
Mike: That was really, really close. It's the Celebration of Age...The Croning Ceremony! Is she summoning like an ancient demon or something?
Rich: She's summoning old ladies.
Jim: She looks like Return of the Jedi Luke Skywalker.
Jay: I was gonna say it's, uh, Louie Anderson.
Rich: Why are you filming grandma, you know she's got dementia.
Mike: I'd like to talk to you about the next Star Wars spinoff film.
Rich: Star Wars: A Crone Story?
Mike: Why not?
Rich: You got Jabba the Hutt's mother, Mon Mothma.
Mike: Yeah? Oh, yeah, there's not a lot of old ladies in Star Wars.
Rich: Leia.
Mike: I would say, but she got burnt up.
Rich: Who else is there?
Mike: She's there in spirit.
Rich: She's got Jedi spirit.
Mike: Okay.
Jay: Who does she look like?
Mike: Yeah, she looks like a, like, a m, man, like, which man? I mean...The face.
Colin: Ryan Denehy.
Rich: She looks like Babe Ruth.
Colin: She does!
Jay: Alright, Colin...
Rich: Wait, hold on, Jay, I got it framed up for Mike. Okay!
Jay: Okay! Uh, Colin, go ahead and spin the Wheel!
Colin: Alright. Let's do this.
Jay: Come on, Richie Derwood.
Mike: Oh my God!
Colin: Oh no! 
Jay: Oh!
Colin: Uh.
Jay: Hug-A-Tree and Survive Canada.
Colin: Yeah!
Jay: Let's find out how to do both of those things.
Rich: Give me firewater if you want to hear end of story.
Jim: Terrible! Can any of this be used?
Mike: If Rich says it, I'll use it.
Jay: Put yourself inside a plastic bag.
Rich: You will make things slightly easier for the authorities if you put yourself in the body bag.
Jim: Rich Evans, I love this brand new Wheel that you've created, what'd you make it out of?
Rich: I, I made it out of wood.
Jim: That's...really impressive. I really hope we land on, uh, World Wide Spider Web of Deceit.
Rich: Well, I'm, I'm hoping for that one, too, so Jim and/or Colin, it's up to you to save the day!
Jim: Sure, I'm Jim!
Rich: Right, right, yes.
Jim: I'm gonna spin the Wheel!
Rich: Then, go fucking do it.
Jim: Oh!
Rich: Oh no, you ru, you moved the Wheel, the shot's been ruined.
Jim: Spider Webs!
Rich: Eee...
Jim: Ohhhhh.
Rich: What the fuck, man!
Rich: Yay!
Jim: Spider Web!
Rich: Legit spin! Ow, my back. I threw my back out hopping up and down, in excitement. Oh, God.
Colin: It's like TekWar.
Rich: Only better.
Jay: Why was there a detour sign, what does that have to do with the internet?
Jim: She looks like she's bored of her own voice. Ughh, my eyes, I can't keep them open.
Mike: Well, the, I mean, the thing is....with four tapes…
Rich: We're all fucked, someone's fucked.
Mike: Everyone's gotta describe one, so it really doesn't matter who.
Rich: We, we may as well go in, in order.
Mike: Yeah, we could just assign sequential order from left to right, that'll make it real exciting for our home audience….I'll start. Let's talk about our first film.
Rich: Pancreatic Cancer.
Mike: You've Been Diagnosed With, dot dot dot...Celebration of Age: The Croning Ceremony. Joyous and Inspirational Older Women Sharing Stories and Wisdom, ellipsis, History and Heritage.
Rich: Like the Dance of Birth, it's just...55 minutes of New Age nonsense where nobody says anything of any value.
Rich: And they just ramble on and on about croning, and, you know, the tribes had the old crones, and they beat the drum, they just say things, it means nothing!
Rich: It's just a bunch of women droning on and on and I kept waiting for a man to come in and, and focus them into some sort of conversation but it never happens!
Rich: Why do you do the ceremony? What is a crone? What is the benefit of being a crone? What does it mean to be a crone?
Colin: That's all the falls in the gobbledygook.
Mike: It's a gobbledygook, it's just...
Rich: It's a lot of gobbledygook.
Jim: So it should be A Celebration of Gobbledygook.
Mike: It's to honor the stage of life with family and friends.
Jim: What stage of life?
Rich: The final. What is the purpose of this video?
Mike: To show in a Women's Studies class in a community college.
Jay: I love Earth Air Wind & Fire.
Colin: This is so awkward.
Jay: It's like a Harmony Korine movie.
Mike: Babe Ruth's elder years he thought he was a lady and he wound up in Arizona on a female commune.
Rich: He was hiding from like the government, he owed taxes.
Colin: I'm gonna go hide...over there! So this crazy woman, in the, in the.
Mike: Which one?
Colin: In the back...
Mike: You should be more specific.
Rich: Babe Ruth and Ty Cobb in drag on a commune?
Jay: She doesn't even know anyone's filming her.
Colin: It's like a very long lens.
Mike: Yeah, why is it far away?
Colin: They're too embarrassed to be seen with her. I'm shooting from two miles away.
Rich: A safe distance behind plexiglass?
Jim: The old lady with the drum in the back, in the backyard or whatever, like, she's drumming and she's...she says, next, I'm gonna do an improvisational song that I'm just making up as it goes along, and she plays it and she's singing, it really doesn't sound that different than the other songs.
Colin: No! All the songs sound like they were just made up.
Rich: Yeah, they kept cutting between her and then the woman on the piano with the crone action figures.
Colin: Oh yeah, she was singing to these little action figures and they were kinda hunched over.
Mike: The, the lady who played the piano in the Uhura costume, although we don't actually see her fingers on the keys, so it's, it's questionable whether or not it's, faaake, ffff, um, we see the lady play the flute, but it's from quite a distance. That also is staged. Uh, the one that was a total fraud was the lady who went back to Ireland for her Celtic roots.
Colin: Oh my God!
Mike: And she's…I got this Irish harp here, she starts to add a little, a little accent, you know, she doesn't have that back in the States, she's from New Jersey. But when she's in Ireland, she has a little bit of the accent.
Colin: Celtic lilt.
Mike: Here's my celtic, celtic harp, and she goes tu du...tu du du, tu tu tu, like, just randomly select strings and then goes. I won't play more for you now, I wouldn't want to embarrass myself.
Colin: That's the extent of my repertoire.
Mike: Yeah, yes, yes.
Mike: But that lady was a fraud, she's a fucking fraud. Hey, that's where they filmed Star Wars. That's Luke Skywalker's Jedi temple right there...hot damn! Uhh, well, back to celebrating the non-accomplishments of elderly women.
Colin: God Almighty!
Mike: Through a fake ceremony.
Rich: Ehh, it's fine.
Colin: I guess they're trying...
Rich: You know, they're not hurting anybody. If you want to drag an old lady out into the woods and throw some flowers on her head...that's fine.
Jim: Is there a specific crone age or can you be like a 20 year old crone? I don't really understand.
Colin: They said there were C.I.T.s, it was Crones In Training. This is an actual thing.
Jim: It's like Scientology or something.
Colin: Yeah.
Mike: It's weird.
Colin: But with no endgame.
Rich: Scientology is actually better thought out.
Colin: Is it like a, would it be like a murder of crones?
Mike: You're trying to, oh! Well, let's talk about some of our narrators. We have lady whose brain has been damaged by LSD. It was a hard time forming sentences.
Colin: I guess, like the, what you'd probably call the host?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, almost like an instructor or a teacher at like, like, a community college that teaches Women's Studies class
Colin: She's so baked.
Rich: Don't you actually have to teach something to be a teacher? Like, you have to have information that's of value? I picked up your gar-...
Mike: But yeah, you can tell that's she's the intellectual of the group, and then there's like, there's like, uh, Babe Ruth with a wig on who has like, their own personal stories, and they, you know, I did this… and, you know, um...and then the real, real authoritarian on the subject is Kathleen Kennedy.
Jim: Yes.
Colin: Oh, yeah.
Mike: She's in the middle of a rainstorm and she's explaining to us all about croning.
Rich: Solo was the croning achievement of her career. 
Colin: Oh man...The Crone Wars?
Mike: The Crone Wars! Damn it!
Rich: Ohhhhhh! Be done, the Crone Wars has.
Colin: He's got an army of crones.
Mike: Paul McCartney's in it?
Colin: No!
Mike: Oh, was that Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Colin: That was a bad Obi-Wan
Mike: So we have the planet where Luke is hiding and Kathleen Kennedy both in Celebration of Age.
Rich: Star Wars Celebration of Age.
Mike: $185 a ticket, for a weekend pass.
Rich: We get to, we get to pay to go to Kathleen Kennedy's croning ceremony.
Mike: It's not gonna get him out of the situation.
Jay: No.
Rich: But it's gonna keep bears from eating him, if he climbs up into the tree until somebody comes by to save his ass.
Mike: It's true, yeah.
Colin: Hug it...
JM:...Hug his ass?
Colin: Just like, find a skeleton hugging a tree. Three months later.
Man: And keep you in one place so we can find you.
Rich: Look, this, this, all of this, it's all a smokescreen. The, the, the only, the entire point is.
Mike: Hey, cellphone man. Get off Twitter and get me a beer.
Colin: Could I have a Shandy too?
Jim: Could I have a Shandy too?
Mike: Yeah, we're sittin' here, we're, we're...what is this, Prohibition? You're, you're playing on your fuckin' phone. It was part of the husband's plan to get rid of the kid.
Jim: The husband was very strange, he had a Hitler mustache within a mustache.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. He kinda looked like an action figure, he looked...
Colin: Yeah.
Mike: Like a...he looked like a...a, like a 70s comic book character or something.
Jim: But a bad action figure that loses his son.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. And he didn't seem too concerned.
Rich: They don't seem very worried.
Mike:...It's the next day. Their little kid wandered off and, and that was part of the plan.
Colin: Yeah, it was like the dad...
Rich: We gotta get rid of this kid, but...
Mike: Yeah. So we can go to like, swinger parties and snort oxy...consequence-free, you know, but if we have a kid, we might get in trouble, so...
Rich: Unfortunately the kid had a garbage bag with him and then foiled his plans
Colin: That was weird, ‘cause you see them all...
Mike: He wanted to feed the bears...if you know what I mean...the Native American man does not specifically mention cutting a hole.
Colin: Oh...no, he did.
Jim: He did.
Mike: He did?
Colin: Yeah, he said cut a hole...
Rich: But he didn't say it first.
Mike: It was after he put it on.
Colin: Then he said, you don't have to put one for your arms or whatever, he said just for your face.
Jim: But you could sort of tell he didn't want to talk about it.
Man: You only make a hole for your face.
Jim: Well, he doesn't like children.
Rich: ...He wants to get rid of the white man.
Colin: Jesus Christ.
Mike: The kid was smart enough to tuck his socks, his pants into his socks so that rats didn't crawl up his pants and eat his genitals
Jim: Should we move on to Mr. Wiggles?
Mike: Thank you for being the voice of reason around here...Jim.
Colin: What if he never stops, it's like a day in his life and he's literally just doing that, the time he wakes up in the morning
Jay: And in the shower.
Colin: Constantly.
Mike: He's like, working the drive-thru at McDonald's.
Rich: Every day Mr. Wiggles struggles with Super Parkinson's.
Jay: No, this is, uh, Mr. Wiggles Disease.
Colin: Yeah.
Jay: They named it after him.
Mike: This is him just like sitting there.
Jay: Yeah, he doesn't want to be doing this.
Mike: His brain is creating these patterns and making his body move.
Rich: ...This is actually a sad documentary.
Colin: There's always somebody standing off to the side.
Jim: Folding their arms.
Mike: It's really difficult when he has to go to the bathroom.
Rich: Urine everywhere?
Mike: It's everywhere.
Colin: It's a mess.
Jim: He does actually show him in a training dance instructing scene with a bunch of other people.
Colin: At the very, very end.
Jim: Yeah, and they're all doing the dance much better than he is, cuz he sucks!
Colin: He doesn't stop! It is 16 minutes straight of him dancing to the same fucking looped beat over and over and over.
Jim: Which is like the poor man's version of Rockit by Herbie Hancock. You hear, you hear tut, tut...
Colin: King Tut.
Jim: King Tut.
Mike: Uh, uh, yeah...yeah...
Colin: He doesn't stop.
