Jan 22, 2018
Plinketto #5 - Nail Gun Massacre, Deathstalker 2, Princess Warrior
youtube.com/watch?v=I1dxYbL-t5c
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/955652652913840128
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-plinketto-5

Jack: Hey, Mike!
Mike: Hi.
Jack: I noticed no Rich today, do you know where he went to?
Mike: Oh, he's dead.
Jack: This looks like an amazing Plinketto board, I'm super excited for all of this...
Mike: So many films today...uh, uh, let's go through the films on the Plinketto board today! The first film is called A Gnome Named Gnorm.
Jack: Oh! Ok.
Mike: Uh, Anthony Michael Hall and a lil' gnome from outer space.
Jack: Nice.
Mike: Also known by its French version.
Jack: Oh! Yeah?
Mike: Space Cop..What's next?
Jack: Next on the board, back again, Twin Dragon Encounter starring twin martial arts masters.
Mike: That's right, are they really twins or...?
Jack: I beli-, I believe...
Mike: Michael and Martin McNamara, huh huuuhh huh.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: And you found this at a thrift store in Bangkok, right?
Jack: I, uhh, it was a, it was a second hand store in Canada.
Mike: Okay, that's pretty close. After that, a mainstay on the Plinketto board, which apparently can't be removed, it's Deathstalker 2.
Jack: We have to see the whole series.
Mike: I haven't seen the first one, I don't know why 2 is here, what the fuck.
Jack: I'll, I'm gonna do a quick recap if we land on it.
Mike: Okay.
Jack: Everyone gets raped.
Mike: Sooo, it's a film about Hollywood? What's next?
Jack: Next is Metalbeast: DNA Overload, oh I'm sorry, Project Metalbeast: DNA Overload.
Mike: DNA Overload? Isn't that the Louis C.K. story?
Jack: Heyoo.
Mike: Oh yeah, wh, what's Metalbeast: DNA Overload about? Probably a monster, right?
Jack: Pr, probably.
Mike: So, a film about Harvey Weinstein.
Jack: Heyoooo! The hits! Keep! On! Coming! Take that...Hollywood elite!
Mike: Our next film is called Nail Gun Massacre.
Jack: Uh, all of these, I, the, I, I want so many people dead. With nails. In their eyeballs?
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: Or other holes in their body.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, there hasn't been a really good horror film about someone killing people with a nail gun.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: And...this is it, probably.
Jack: Next! We got Amazons, we got sexy ladies, we got lightsabers in: Princess Warrior.
Mike: The next film...is called Vibrations...starring...Michael J Fox.
Jack: Oh, cuz he has...
Mike: No, cuz he's in the film, he's listed on the box.
Jack: I don't, I don't see that.
Mike: Oh, wait, sorry, it says James Marshall.
Jack: Okay.
Mike: I don't have my glasses on. I wasn't making a joke about a deadly disease...
Jack: That would be...
Mike: You think I'm some kind of fucking asshole?
Jack: Up next is Crypt Z. Or...what is probably Crypt Z.
Mike: It's probably Cryptz, with a little hip hop flare to it.
Jack: Cryptzzz....uh, Terror under...the hood! Not the car.
Mike: Yeah, I was gonna say.
Jack: The neighbor.
Mike: And then yeah, neighborhood. It sounds like an automotive problem. Our next film...is called Slithisis, Slithis, and I'm particularly excited about this one, uh, the font is very 80s, it looks like Masters of the Universe, um, aaand, or like a Hasbro toy or something from the 80s and then there's a monster on there. Kind of looks like Zaat...uh, kind of looks like Creature from the Black Lagoon.
Jack: It looks like Zaat's been juicing.
Mike: It looks like a jacked Zaat.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: And, um, uh uh uh, what does it say? “Hell hath no fury like Slithis!
Jack: Just so, catchy title.
Mike: Is he a female?
Jack: Oh. Slithis.
Mike: Hell hath no fury like a Slithis scorned. What's our last film?
Jack: Is...Bio Kids! Five...Super...Heroes....They're little kid Power Rangers and it looks like they fight or befriend a clown
Mike: Look at it up close.
Jack: Is is a secret Asian man?
Mike: I think it's a film from China. Or maybe Japan.
Jack: Yes, it looks to be the case, um, I'm very excited about this as a big fan of Power Rangers. I'm excited to see the expanded universe.
Mike: Well, I'm very excited to see what tape we land on, in this first Plinketto drop.
Jack: Go ahead, Mike!
Mike: Alright, here we go, everybody. I'm gonna walk around to the back of the device now.
Jack: Yep.
Mike: Here we goooo! First film of the day. Go! Da-da-da-da...Oh! Oh! Woah woah woah woah! What! What the fuck! What is it?
Jack: It...is...Nail...Gun...Massacre!
Mike: Well....I nailed it. It's cheaper than a chainsaw the Nail Gun Massacre, a VHS tape that once belonged to Cheryl. She marked it with her name, so nobody stole her tape.
Jack: They, the, uh...the dorm, the college dorm she stayed in, they had several copies of Nail Gun Massacre.
Mike: Yes.
Jack: But that was Cheryl's.
Mike: This was Cheryl's.
Jack: Yup.
Mike: And then there's a pun here, very penetrating story, so this may have some comedic edge to it, hopefully. Forget about that guy with the chainsaw.
Jack: He's outta here.
Mike: And start worrying about the deranged Nail Gun Killer. A beautiful young girl is brutally gang-raped, For fuck's sake...uh, by construction workers at a building site in a small Texas town. This is like a mad lib. Suddenly mutilated bodies begin turning up. Nailed up. Nailed to trees. Nailed to pavement. Nailed to each other, now it sounds like Dr. Seuss. The Nail Gun Maniac is deadly and no one knows who he'll hammer down next?
Jack: Hammer down, is that kinda...
Mike: Shoulda been who he'll nail next.
Jack: The, there's a lot of nails, they gotta vary it up a little bit.
Mike: It's a piercing no-holes barred trip into industrial strength horror! Several puns going on there.
Jack: All you can hope for in this kind of premise-driven slasher flick is interesting deaths.
Mike: Yeah. Well, let's go find out, it's time to go watch The Nail Gun Massacre.
Jack: We just saw a movieee. We sure did.
Josh: We absolutely did.
Jack: Now we're back here to film the ball drop, go ahead.
Josh: Oh!
Jack: Josh.
Josh: Oh, thank you. Thank you for the, that's very nice of you.
Jack: I know it's, I get it.
Josh: Okay! Here we go! This is how this works!
Jack: You drop the ball, we choose a movie!
Mike: Noooo!
Josh: What''d we get?
Jack: Deathstalker 2!
Josh: Oh, fuck.
Josh: Deathstalker 2, his battle isn't over yet...because there's a 2. Oh, dear.
Jack: Wait.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: We need to remember what happened in Deathstalker 1.
Josh: Rape.
Jack: Besides that.
Josh: Whimsical rape.
Jack: Okay.
Josh: Puppet guy. Alright, twice the action. Twice the passion. Twice the adventure. And yet, it's only 85 minutes long.
Jack: Perfect.
Josh: That seems crazy. Monique Gabrielle, sexy star of 'Bachelor Party,' 'Hot Moves,' and 'Flashdance' and John Terlesky, star of 'Secret Admirer' and 'The Allnighter,' and Chopping Mall. Tinyface from Chopping Mall, he is the Deathstalker, join forces to swashbuckle their way to save civilization in this outrageous sequel to Deathstalker! Enter Deathstalker.
Jack: Yeah!
Josh: Capturing the real Princess Evie, not the evil one, he must now return her to her rightful place of power. But the fabled swordsman's battle has just begun. Standing in his way are cutthroat pirates, bloodthirsty Amazons, flesh-eating zombies...and then things start to get dangerous!
Both: Woah-oah-oah!
Josh: Finally, they confront the sinister power mongers in a spectacular duel to the death!
Jack: So, wait...this movie involves another swordsman's battle?
Josh: Yeah. I, I can't say I'm shocked by that.
Jack: Get, get a new premise, Deathstalker 2.
Josh: Listen, here's the thing, when the warlords fall.
Jack: Oh yeah?
Josh: Deathstalker will be king!....So we don't have to watch the movie, we can just, we, we're done, alright, um...even after all that I guess we have to watch it, so let's go do that.
Jack: Great! Walking to watch the movieee!
Rich: Guys, guys! I'm not dead, it was just insurance fraud!
Josh: Uh, fine, yeah, yeah, we're watching Deathstalker 2, just sit sit sit...
Rich: Oh, shit!
Josh: Sit, go go go. Look at that.
Rich: Did they rape yet? 
Josh: That was the weirdest hee haw joke I've ever seen.
Jay: Well, Jack, it's occurred to me that you have never dropped the ball...on the Plinketto board, and sooo, here you go, drop the ball
Jack: Yeah, like, this is gonna?
Jay: This isn't a bait and switch, we already did that, kind of.
Jack: Drop the ball and this is gonna happen?
Jay: Yes! You're gonna drop the ball and we're gonna watch whatever movie it lands on. No, no jokes.
Jack: Okay, um...so I can just put it anywhere.
Jay: Just drop the ball, that's how this works. Princess Warrior?!
Mike: What!
Jay: God damn it, Jack! That's like the worst one on the board!
Josh: You fucking serious?
Mike: You were supposed to land on something else!
Jay: Jesus Christ! Don't you know how this works?
Jack: I just dropped the ball!
Jay: Fuckin' shit, man!
Josh: Fucking, Jack! Goddamnit!
Jay: Alright, Jack...why don't you read the box for...Princess Warrior? 
Jack: I ju-, I just dropped the ball, like, everyone, everyone drops the ball.
Jay: I, I, yeah, I know you dropped the ball.
Jack: Princess Warrior, they fought for a Kingdom.
Jay: Is there more than one Princess Warrior?
Jack: The, they fought for a Kingdom. On a planet far away, the great kingdom is ruled by a Warrior Queen who lies dying.
Jay: Wait, what? Oh, like she lies...she's lying down dying.
Jack: Yes.
Jay: She's not a Queen that is lying...
Jack: While dying. 
Jay: While dying.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: Okay!
Jack: The Earth is flat! Uh, so the Queen who's dying.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: In different states of standing and lying down.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: Her last act as Queen is to pass the Ring of Power to the oldest daughter. Not necessarily her oldest daughter, just the oldest daughter.
Jay: Just who's the oldest daughter on her planet.
Jack: Right, it's a whole lottery system.
Mike: It's some really old lady somewhere.
Jack: I'm someone's daughter. That's why the Queens keep dying while laying down, they're all elderly ladies.
Jay: Sure.
Jack: But the Ring is passed to the gentle, loving, younger daughter....Ovule. I'm trying to figure out how to pronounce this, O-V-U-L-E.
Jay: That's a pretty on-the-nose, uh, name for a Princess Warrior character.
Jack: And her sister Labias. As the Queen dies, war erupts between the two sisters,  so, obviously...good sister, bad sister.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: Umm, and rages throughout the kingdom. The good sister flees to safety to the planet Earth where she is pursued by a trio of evil cohorts.
Jay: So this is gonna be the typical 80s sci-fi plot where they're in, in a far-away fantasy world for five minutes, and then they're just on Earth cuz it's cheaper.
Jack: They're just in the California dessert for the rest of the movie, maaaybe they go back at the very end.
Jay: Possibly.
Jack: Before Ovule can gain the throne, she must battle her sister...to the death!
Jay: Alright!
Jack: The Princess Warrior! I'm super excited to watch this cuz it was my pick! Let's go!
Jay: All these good choices...I wish Rich Evans wasn't dead.
Josh: What!
Rich: Why do they have to be naked to travel in these?
Jack: Who cares, man!
Josh: Oh my god.
Mike: I'll spit on everything.just a hard cut to that. They have to be nudie, Rich...in the travel tube. And they're gonna appear at the wet t-shirt...con, oh my god.
Jay: When we started the discussion, Rich Evans was still alive.
Jack: Oh, it's true, but then he...
Jay: But then he exploded, yeah.
Jay: There's not even, like, a company logo.
Josh: No!
Jay: There's not even, uh, trailers. You just put the tape in and it just fades up on gang rape.
Mike: Jay, it started before we put the tape in. I don't know how, but it did.
Jay: The gang rape has just always been here.
Jay: And you're not yet.
Jack: It's not quite right.
Mike: Ricky.you said I could go to the show.
Jack: Oh, but Lucy, you're the boss.
Josh: Alright, fuck it.
Mike: When is this ending?
Jack: All you can expect from a premise-heavy horror movie like this is interesting kills with the nail gun, you know, much like, much like, uh...Killer Workout.
Jay: Ohh, yeah.
Jack: You just want kills with workout equipment, here you just want fun kills with the nail gun. We don't even get that, it's just nails...
Jay: Well, I think it's, there's not much you can do!
Mike: You know what, you know what, you need a team of, like, like, 25 writers.
Jay: You need a writer's room.
Mike: Going, okay, what kinda, like, uh, we, we've come up with four, on our dry erase board. E-, everybody think, okay, bring in 58 more writers. There's like, there's like, there's like 108 people in a room and they're all just like... 
Josh: Well, what if, uh...
Mike: Mike: What if, uh, no no no.
Josh: No, that would be silly.
Jack: All of these are impractical.
Josh: How about...?
Jay: Wait wait wait, guys, I have a great idea...let's not make this movie.
Jack: That's out of the question, it's ha-, it's mid-production.
Mike: Jay, that's the best idea they could've had.
Jay: She may be the best actress...did she win an Academy Award? For Deathstalker...
Josh: Eat shit, Meryl Streep, Deathstalker 2 is where it's at.
Mike: One of the funnier moments during our screening was we...uh, someone said this feels like a Mel Brooks film because, like, these are my hitmen, and there's like guy, guy.
Josh: The guy with the eyepatch?
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: We get a flat dolly shot.
Mike: Flat dolly.
Jay: One person, next character.
Mike: Trucking shot, left to right.
Jay: Oh, yeah yeah yeah.
Mike: Um, from this guy to this guy to this guy and then the last one is the comedy punch, and you, called it.
Josh: Wait, he's the mad Russian?
Rich: Now this is a Mel Brooks movie.
Mike: Yeah.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: There's a Mel Brooks feel to it.
Rich: Like, the next one will be wearing all pink and be flamboyant?
Jay: Yeah, the last one has to be a joke.
Rich: Yeah.
Josh: Possibly a little person.
Rich: Damn.
Mike: Oh my God!....You're the real seer. The realization set in that that is the actual movie...We thought it was a re-creation of a phony Hollywood production, but it was real. You get 'em, girls!.....Yeah!
Jay and Jack: Yeah!
Jay: What are you doing?
Mike: I'm dancing.I heard some music start, I'm really feeling this movie. That was when she stabbed the hipster.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Right!
Josh: Oh, yeah.
Jack: The whole hipster-stabbing scene, if you remember, and the other, the clone was still there, just like I guess I'm...
Mike: She stabbed that hipster with the little mustache, right through his flannel, and, and she hit his LP.
Jack: Right, right.
Jay: That he just carried inside of his shirt?
Jack: Oh, I was just gonna make a pour over coffee, and, right, I remember that, my favorite scene.
Jay: I'm curious to see where they go with Deathstalker 3! Do they go back to the serious, uh, roots of the original film? Do they keep up with the who gives a fuck? attitude of the second movie?
Jack: Right? Doesn't it get you excited?
Josh: I hope we never find out.
Jack: We know, we know the rules of Plinketto, once one Deathstalker is removed.
Jay: Now we gotta put Deathstalker 3 on there, yeah, absolutely.
Jack: What's important for the people watching this at home...it's been about an hour since we've talked about Deathstalker 2.
Jay: We talked about all sorts of stuff.
Jack: We, we had great conversations and had just a good time.
Josh: We were trying really hard.
Jay: And now we gotta talk about Princess Warrior.
Rich: I would actually appreciate this film more if it were just the setup to an orgy. She can only be 'resutated' with lesbian sex
Josh: Ugh.
Rich: What is this...lesbian sex?
Josh: And then just 90 minutes of scissoring.
Jay: Although, honestly, like, this is probably porn to somebody. There's somebody out there that has a fetish for people sitting in the backseat of a car.
Jack: Sure. Sure.
Josh: Wait, that one, that one.
Jack: Low-speed motorcycle chases...
Jay: Yeah, there's somebody that has a fetish for, uh, heating up spoons...you know.
Josh: Ohh...
Jay: This is a porn to somebody, is what I'm saying.
Josh: Fetish for pneumatic tubes.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Josh: You know, oh ho, that's sexy.
Jack: Ooh, Mike, you just, you just gained a couple subscribers.
Josh: Yeah, it's a hard...fought...battle...but, the movie...
Jay: This doesn't seem hard to me.
Josh: The thing, and you're probably gonna agree with me, the one that acted most like a movie that I could watch...from beginning to end was Deathstalker 2. But Deathstalker 2 had all those things you look for in a...what we call, film. It's a movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: These, these two, I'm not really sure.
Mike: Ah, I'm don't know what they are.
Josh: I'm not really sure what they are, they're like...
Mike: I feel like a doctor looking at a lump.
Josh: Yeah.
Mike: I gotta send this off to the lab. What do you wanna do, Jay?
Jay: I, I wanna shoot one from a distance, I've never done that with a nail gun.
Mike: Okay.
Jay: And I have no idea about the safety of it.
Mike: Okay, let me set my shot up.
Jay: Okay.
