May 7, 2018
Plinketto #6 - Rocktober Blood, The Pit, Mankillers
youtube.com/watch?v=0JcNT6jYGwI
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/993579446375538689
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-plinketto-6

Simon: Oh, man. This is the worst video store I've ever been to.
Mike: What the fuck. Who are you? And how did you get into our treasure vault?
Simon: I, uh...
Mike: Hey, wait a minute. I recognize you. Aren't you somewhat famous Hollywood screenwriter Simon Barrett, writer of such hit films as A Horrible Way to Die, The Gues, and You're Next?
Simon: Yeah. I'm  guessing I'm the first Hollywood screenwriter to grace this embarrassing room.
Mike: Well, actually...
Jay: Oh, hey. Simon Barrett. You wrote The Witch. I fucking love that movie. It's so visual and full of subtext. Probably the most haunting horror film I've ever seen. Oh. Blair Witch. Well, Simon, you're here because you share our love of terrible, terrible movies. And, uh, on the Plinketto board, we have some from your own personal collection.
Simon: That's right, yeah. I, uh, in particular, I brought a VHS copy of 2020 Texas Gladiators, only to discover that you guys already have several.
Jay: We already have that.
Simon: Water's dripping on me.
Jay: Yeah, we got a leak. And next up on the board, we have Nightmare Weekend, starring not Elvira.
Simon: And then, uh, The Grave Digger. I believe that from the Spanish.
Jay: All right. Next up, we have The Pit, a, uh, Canadian movie shot in Wisconsin.
Simon: And then, uh, Twin Dragon Encounter. That's, that's one of yours. It looks action-packed.
Jay: It's, it keeps showing up on the board. We haven't landed on it yet.
Simon: Says it is double the excitement of most films.
Jay: Uh, and then next up, we have Unmasking the Idol, which is the further adventures of Duncan Jax.
Simon: Rocktober Blood, uh, I've, I've heard of that one. Uh, but I'm not sure why. I think it had a controversial Blu-Ray release.
Jay: Yes. They said it was going to be a whole new transfer, and then it was just a VHS rip.
Simon: Yeah, I, I'm, I'm secretly a member of a few Facebook groups that got really angry about that for, like, several years.
Jay: Uh, then next we have the prerequisite, Deathstalker III. That'll be on the board until we land on it, and then we'll move on to Deathstalker IV.
Simon: Uh, Death Train. Uh, I don't know anything about this one. What is this?
Jay: This is just a movie that we have.
Simon: Got it. And then Mankillers. That's a David Prior one. Director of Deadly Prey, uh, and Deadlier Prey. Um...
Jay: Killer Workout.
Simon: Killer Workout, also featured on this show, so I brought that one, thinking that, you know, can't go wrong with David Prior.
Jay: Yes. And then lastly, Rollergator. It's, it's Rollergator.
Simon: I'm hoping for Rollergator.
Jay: Starring Joe Estevez. Mark of quality. But, I guess we'll pick this one up because we really need to showcase the artwork on the back here. Makes you really intrigued to see the film.
Simon: Meet a rap'n purply baby alligator, fighting to escape the clutches of a scheming carnival owner, who sends a skateboarding ninja to capture him.
Jay: It's Rollergator! All right, I'm gonna drop the ball.
Simon: All right. Come on, Rollergator.
Jay: All right. This is our first drop. This will determine our mood for the rest of the day.
Simon: Rocktober Blood.
Jay: Rocktober Blood! Another rock and roll horror movie.
Simon: Can't go wrong with those.
Jay: You can't?
Simon: Oh, the, I like the little copyright.
Jay: The new copyright.
Simon: The new copyright.
Jack: Seamless.
Simon: Wow. Great new transcript. Those reds really just blur. Billy Eye Harper, legendary rock superstar, is dead and buried, but not forgotten. His music lives on. His lover and lead singer has taken over the band. Now they're out on the road and ready for the ultimate performance, but there is one problem. Billy is back from the grave and he wants to put a stop to the music the bloody way that Billy knows best.
Jay: Oh. I guess she found her. He's just right there.
Jack: Oh, I guess he's the killer.
Mike: What?
Jay: Rainbow eyes, or rainbow lies?
Simon: This guy went crazy, like, really quickly.
Mike: Yeah, this feels like the end of the film.
Rich: Oh, my god!
Mike: What a twist.
Jay: So he was violent before he was a zombie, or whatever he is?
Simon: Yeah, it says the bloody way that Billy knows best, so I guess...
Jay: They just really wanted all those b's. They wanted the alliteration.
Simon: A killer show with all the elements. Diehard fans. Screaming guitars, blood red lights, and murder.
Jay: Die Hard fans, like the Bruce Willis movie?
Simon: I don't really know that people consider murder, like, a really important part of the concert experience. Well, but this, but, but, heavy metal movies tend to be very entertaining. Black Roses. Trick 'R Treat. 
Jay: We've done Trick or Treat on the show, yeah.
Simon: Hack-O-Lantern.
Jay: Hack-O-Lantern is one of my personal favorites, not just from Best of the Worst, but in, in general.
Simon: I think this is a contender.
Jay: All right. Let's do it! Oh. Got another lady to kill. Wonder if we're gonna get that same stomach close-up.
Simon: Oh, oh...
Jack: Yay!
Jay: Oh, my god! He cut her head off with that tiny knife!
Jack: Yay! That's a not a lady in a garbage bag. Just playing. It's totally fine.
Simon: That was fantastic.
Jay: That was, like, a butterknife.
Jack: So, Simon, uh, my good friend from California. People might not know this. You and I actually met at a Star Trek convention early on. We were both, uh, cosplaying as our favorite captain. Janeway. I'm gonna go drop the ball now.
Simon: All right. Come on, come on Rollergator.
Jack: R-O-L-L-E-R-GATOR. That one.
Simon: The Pit.
Jack: The Pit! The Pit! The Pit! Yay!
Jay: Oh, did you see the little creature?
Jack: I saw the little goblin. We, I, I landed on The Pit. What's The Pit about? Do you, do you know The Pit?
Simon: No, I mean, I, I'm hoping this one might actually be good. Uh, what's the tagline?
Jack: Jamie wouldn't kill anyone, unless Teddy told him to.
Simon: That sounds bone-chilling.
Jack: That is, I mean, that art is the stuff of nightmares.
Simon: That is creepy.
Jay: Bye!
Simon: No, I mean, so far this is pretty interesting.
Jack: Yeah. It's weird.
Simon: It's weird, yeah.
Jack: Twelve-year old Jamie, Sammy Snyders, Tom Sawyer of TV's Huckberry Finn and His Friends, is one creepy kid. I mean, that's just not nice. Uh, I mean, this poor little kid.
Simon: He already has, like, problems.
Jack: Right? He's a child actor. He always has problems. He has a perverse obsession with sex. His only friend is an evil teddy bear, and he's the only one who knows about the hole in the forest where he feeds raw meat to a ravenous pack of mutant troglodytes.
Simon: This sounds like a winner.
Jack: I feel like the whole first part of that sentence didn't matter.
Rich: Yeah!
Mike: Guy in a wig.
Jay: Iris, zoom out.
Jack: Jamie will teach everyone a lesson. The kids who teased and bullied him. The mean old lady down the street. Even his pretty new babysitter. Soon they, and his entire town, will face the flesh-eating horror of...the pit.
Simon: Sounds great.
Jack: Let's, let's drop ourselves into...
Simon: The Pit.
Jay: Oh, no. It's a Don Dohler movie now.
Jack: Yay! They filmed it Wisconsin's Day.
Rich: So, Simon, as you know, I have earned enough points in previous episodes of Plinketto, that I have chosen to use my free bonus to put the player's choice marker on the two empty spaces.
Simon: Excellent. Yeah.
Rich: Let's see how many points I earn this round. I am going to go drop the ball now. Oh, you, oh, my god. That's right.
Simon: I'll, I'll go drop the ball.
Rich: I, I forgot the complicated rules for a second, but my use of the bonus player's choice invalidating my ball drop. Ah.
Simon: All right. Here it goes. Aiming for Rollergator.
Rich: Good luck. Oh! Oh, no, no, you know what, I'm okay with Mankillers. I'm okay with that.
Simon: Not given a thought to latch onto right away here.
Jack: Pretty, uh, killer score so far. We got that going.
Simon: Yeah.
Rich: All right. So you have landed on Mankillers, which, it looks fun, but it's only worth 25 points. Would, would you like to read the back of the box?
Simon: Uh, well, first of all, they're beautiful. They're deadly. They're on a rampage. No man can stop them. Uh, a female homage to The Dirty Dozen, Mankillers features a rag tag gropu of bottom feeders -- murderers, thieves, and other assorted miscreants -- who, unless they coalesce into a lean, mean fighting machine to stop a rogue agent and the drug cartel that employs him, have the option of a prison cell or the electric chair. It's wall-to-wall action and adventure in Mankillers. It's fairly wordy.
Rich: So, prison showers?
Jack: Yay, tiny shorts! Everyone gets tiny shorts!
Simon: This...
Jack: Look at that! David Prior, you dirty old man.
Simon: Written and directed by David A. Prior, Deadly Prey, Killer Workout, Mankillers stars Edd Byrnes, TV's 77 Sunset Strip, Gail Fisher, TV's Mannix, Edy Williams, The Naked Kiss, Lynda Aldon, Doctor Detroit, William Zipp, Deadly Prey, and Christine Lunde, The Masque of the Red Death, and Susanne Tegmann, Death Chase.
Rich: All-star lineup.
Mike: I don't know much about firearms, but you don't hold it up when, when you're, like, searching for a target.
Simon: Ideally, you don't keep your finger on the trigger like that, you know what I mean?
Mike: That kills, like, two seconds of having to lower it.
Jack: But it looks cooler.
Simon: It looks cooler.
Mike: Okay. All right.
Simon: Yeah, look. Look how awesome that looks.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: What? Who's making these things do that? Like, there's no one there. They're just on, like, string.
Rich: What?
Simon: Uh, disclaimer. Mankillers is presented using the best available elements provided by Slasher video. Not sourced from an HD master. Remastered from PAL Beta SP and upconverted to Blu-Ray and DVD specifications.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: Go grab Rollergator.
Rich: Oh, oh. A fluke, a fluke of physics has occured. Uh, uh, Rollergator, with Joe Estevez and Conrad Brooks. Meet a rap'n purply baby alligator, fighting to escape the clutches of a scheming carnival owner, who sends a skateboarding ninja to capture him.
Jack: Fucking, who is in charge of their shirts, cuz I love it. The detail put into each of 'em having a specific and unique tattered shirt.
Simon: Yeah.
Jack: Look at that.
Simon: It's really true.
Jack: Look at that!
Simon: And, and it's, like, designed for each of their, like, style.
Jack: Yeah. Yeah. Someone spent a lot of t-, David Prior spent a lot of time on that.
Mike: Well, everyone.
Jay: I was waiting.
Mike: Gentlemen. Uh, on this very special, special edition of Best of the Worst, special guest star Simon Barrett, we are, we, we randomly selected three terrible films from a random selection of eleven terrible films, and then we watched them.
Jay: From start to finish.
Mike: From start to finish. And, and now we will discuss how terrible they are.
Jay: I'm glad that you're explaining the format to people. We've only, we've only done a couple episodes. People haven't gotten it yet.
Mike: Our first film, by Ferd and Beverly Sebastian, aka con artist couple, uh, elderly, uh, elderly lady named Beverly Sebastian made a, made a film called Rocktober Blood.
Jay: Ferd, which is a name I've never heard before...
Mike: I think it's short for Ferdinand.
Jay: Oh, sure.
Mike: I'm gonna guess that, but, but Ferd and Beverly, who I, I don't think were elderly when they made Rocktober Blood, they eventually became elderly, as most people do.
Jay: It's very common.
Mike: Yeah. Um, they made Rocktober Blood, and this is a film, uh, Simon, you brought it with.
Simon: Nope.
Mike: Oh. We, we had this?
Jay: We had this.
Mike: I, I don't know. Well, then I'll start, left to right. Jay, tell us all about Rocktober Blood.
Jay: Uh, Rocktober Blood is a movie about...
Mike: Look, it has a young Han Solo.
Jay: Rocktober Blood is a movie about a woman that takes a bath.
Rich: Several baths. Um, over...
Mike: In a hot tub.
Jay: Well, first time was in a hot tub. Second time, she's in a bathtub.
Rich: It was gonna be in a hot tub.
Jay: It was gonna be in the hot tub, and then she changed her mind. She, uh, you know, she went to her room. She was already wearing a swimsuit. She changed out of her swimsuit and put on a towel, and then went downstairs to wear the, uh...
Simon: I feel like I can summarize this one better.
Mike: Jay, Jay.
Jay: Oh, oh!
Simon: I'm gonna take a crack at it.
Jay: Oh, writer is gonna take control talking about the stories.
Mike: Simon will talk about this. This is about...
Jay: A creepy sex pervert?
Mike: A creepy sex pervert, which you are more, more akin to talking about.
Jay: I understand.
Mike: Simon, tell us all about Rocktober Blood.
Simon: Unbeknownst to the viewer, Rocktober Blood is a film about twin brothers, one of whom writers music.
Jay: Spoilers!
Simon: Wait, aren't we allowed to do that?
Mike: No, no one is gonna watch Rocktober Blood.
Simon: I don't know how to, I don't know how to describe the plot without reverse engineering it.
Jay: That's, that's fine.
Simon: Okay.
Jay: Just start at the end and work your way back.
Simon: So, so unbeknownst to the viewer for the entirety of the film, almost, Rocktober Blood is about twin brothers, one of whom writers music that is stolen by his other brother, Billy Eye, a famous rock musician who, uh, we believe murders a bunch of people, and is executed after his ex-girlfriend and musical peer, uh, fingers him for the crime. And then he starts showing up again, and we're like, is she crazy, is she the killer, is he back from the dead, is he undead, is he, was he not ever really dead, did they, like, not set the electrical chair high enough.
Jay: None of these ideas were stupid enough.
Simon: They weren't stupid enough, uh, a, a, he has an un-, previously unmentioned and unknown twin brother. We don't know what he's been doing, who is mad about everything, uh, and is killing everyone, and wants to take the stage himself. That's a good line.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: I hate you so much, I hope you get some kind of brand new disease that affects your autoimmune system.
Mike: Oh, my god. You're talking about AIDS, aren't you?
Rich: I think, I think the important thing to point out about the movie because I don't know, I don't know if the discussion or the clips are going to make this clear, the movie does not make any of this straightforward.
Simon: No. It's, it's a very hard film to synopsize, to Jay's credit. It, it, it really...
Jay: Well, to, in my, to be fair to myself, most of the movie is about a woman taking a bath.
Simon: The movie makes it clear, this is how a bath is taken. You shampoo your hair. You, if you shampoo your hair, you have to rinse the shampoo out.
Mike: Well, I remember the lead actor. His name was Tray Loren.
Simon: Yeah.
Mike: And, either this is a horrific typo, but the, it has him listed as TrTray.
Jay: TrTray, that's his rapper name.
Simon: Wow.
Mike: Uh, I mean, that's, that's a pretty, pretty bad typo.
Jay: I guess that scene's done.
Simon: Yeah.
Jay: We don't know what else to do. Cut.
Simon: So, we are told by characters that he killed a bunch of people, and was executed, and his female colleague, who is our protagonist...
Jay: Pat Benatar.
Simon: Um, who, he, semi-stabbed and cut a few times, but didn't murder, cuz a security guard...
Mike: He cut below her boob.
Simon: He was gonna, it felt like he was gonna cut her breast off, but then he got, uh, distracted by a cowardly security guard. And they, and they ran off-screen.
Rich: He forgot all about his main target to chase after the security guard.
Simon: They ran off the screen, Tom and Jerry-style.
Jay: Oh, he's, someone's looking at somewhere.
Simon: Oh, so they are in the same cam.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: What a great security guard.
Jay: And that's where I was, like, oh, what's gonna happen with this? And then, oh, two years later.
Simon: Cut to two years later. And, and, and we are informed that he's dead, and she's now coming out of seclusion. She's gotten over her trauma, and she's going to perform, uh, a song that he wrote, uh, Rainbow Eyes, which we hear approximately seventeen times, in its entirely, every single time. Uh, and...
Rich: This sounds exactly as riveting as it is in the film.
Jack: Like, uh, so, you know, b-roll, second unit stuff, really important. Uh, but some actual footage would be nice.
Mike: It's kind of a whodunnit at first.
Simon: Yes.
Mike: And, and, and 
Jay: For, for five seconds.
Simon: Well, for like a second.
Mike: The first, the first chunk is, is Pat Benatar crazy?
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Is she, is she imagining that Billy has come back to life?
Rich: She's the only one who ever sees him.
Simon: Like, like normally in a film like this, you'd have a kind of giallo-type thing where, like, you see the, and you see a murder, but you don't see the person's face. It cuts immediately to...
Jay: We establish a mask.
Simon: Yes.
Jay: And we're, like, oh, the killer's gonna be in this mask the whole time. Immediately takes the mask off, and it's Billy.
Simon: And it's definitely him.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: But nobody else saw him. Nobody else saw him but Pat Benatar. So maybe Pat Benatar is crazy.
Simon: Yep.
Rich: Our, our two options are, Pat Benatar is crazy, or there's a ghost.
Simon: Well...fair enough. We have to go dig up his body. Uh, and, and, to which her friends are, like, okay.
Rich: Oh, a body.
Jay: Dead body.
Mike: What?
Simon: Oh...
Jack: Ooh...
Mike: Okay.
Jay: But is he in there?
Simon: I don't know if any of, uh, if any of us are right.
Jay: Okay. Oh, he's just a perfect white skeleton.
Simon: With a headband
Jack: With a headband.
Simon: And one large worm on his face. That was fucking awesome.
Jay: So they, yeah, they all show up, and they dig up this thing, and we get a cheap jumpscare, where he's in the grave, he's in the coffin, um, but then we cut to reality.
Simon: But that is her being crazy.
Jay: But that's her, that's actually her being crazy, which confuses things even more.
Rich: It does, because that was just more evidence for that she's hallucinating.
Jay: Yes. But then we cut to the reality, which is, he's dead, and he's a spooky Halloween store skeleton.
Rich: It still had eyes, too, didn't it?
Jay: I don't think it had eyes.
Simon: Uh, it did, no, I think it did have eyes.
Jay: Oh, god.
Rich: The flesh had rotted off completely to where the bone was bleach white, but it still had eyes.
Simon: It had eyes. It had eyes for sure. And it was wearing a red bandana.
Rich: Uh, uh, uh, a movie like this becomes very hard to talk about just because it's so poorly constructed. And it's hard, it's hard to bring you through a narrative when, when at the time we were watching it, we didn't even know what the fuck was happening, or why things were happening.
Mike: Oh, he's gonna change into a character on the stage.
Simon: Oh, yeah.
Mike: That is him, right?
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: Yeah, it's definitely him.
Rich: Oh, my god!
Simon: I see. So his, he took off his wig to reveal a kind of similar hair.
Mike: She sees Billy, and has a mental breakdown, and Tom Petty says, you have to go to my house in Lake Tahoe, and just relax for 50% of the film.
Rich: I was, now I was terrified when that happened.
Mike: Bring your two friends, and we have the speed boat.
Rich: I was, I was absolutely terrified when that happened, because I'm, like, oh, no...woods. Because when you see woods in a low-budget movie, usually...
Jay: People are just gonna be walking around.
Rich: ...usually that means that you're gonna spend 90% of your movie...Oh, no, now we're not gonna see a whole thing for the rest of the movie.
Mike: She took a photo of the squirrel. She did some hiking, light hiking.
Simon: She got in the speedboat, went in a circle, came back. Well, well this film, which was made in 1984, uh, feels like it was trying to take advantage of two trends, obviously the slasher trend, and also the satanic panic kind of heavy metal horror trend, exemplified by films Rock'n'Roll Nightmare, Black Roses, Trick or Treat.
Rich: Was there a bath trend?
Simon: And also, and also Peter Greenaway's 27 Bathrooms.
Mike: aths have always been popular.
Jay: Well, I would say that the movie picks up at the end because the whole movie is just sort of, like, filler. That's why, like, we keep talking about the, the bathtub scene, cuz it just goes on and on.
Simon: It, it feels padded for length.
Jay: Um, it feels padded. And then you get to the end, and it's the big concerts.
Simon: And then he drugs her with a bottle of conspicuously-named, -labeled, ether.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: And puts her in a coffin, goes onstage, performs, uh...
Jay: Performs to people that were there to see her perform. So they're, like, nobody is wondering who this guy is.
Simon: And he's using a sword mic stand to stab the back, the back, uh, background dancers. Backup dancers?
Rich: And none of the other musicians seem to care about this.
Jay: Yeah, they're just playing their songs.
Mike: Not just stab. Disembowel, and decapitate.
Simon: Yeah. Decapitate. He's going off-script by murdering the backup dancers, but they're like, better go with it. Don't wanna rock the boat.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Simon: He stabbed her on-stage, but they all think it's like a GWAR bit, and they're, like...
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: And there's a woman in the background with one breast out, um, which feels, like, just maybe a mistake. Um, and, and then...
Jay: Well, that becomes a theme, too, then.
Simon: Um, so, so the, but the climax of Rocktober Blood is actually, like, like borderline fairly entertaining.
Jay: Oh, yeah. It finally picked up.
Simon: He handcuffs her to himself, so, in, in singing the song and dragging her around onstage, which she does very, she just very confusedly follows him for this entire scene, and, like, her, her, you know, kind of roadie, Tom Petty assistant is, like, I would love to electrocute this woman with an electric guitar, but I can't cuz they're too close to each other.
Jay: We gotta wait for the right moment, so we keep cutting to them, like, eh, ehh...
Simon: But, I mean, they could've just walked up to them at any time and punched him in the nose, cuz he's, cuz he's not, he's not, she's not, she's not in any jeopardy. He's just singing, he's just singing a song.
Jay: Why do you think if you hit someone over the head with an electric guitar, it will electrocute them?
Mike: Cuz, Jay, cuz it's an electric guitar.
Rich: We don't even see him die.
Simon: We do.
Jay: We see him, I think that's, like, his last moment of life when we freeze-frame.
Rich: But we don't, we don't see it, cuz he's in mid-, he's in mid-death.
Mike: No, no, no. They hit him with a guitar. The electric, electrical jolt is so powerful that it shatters her handcuff. She escapes. He continues to bleed from his eyes and his face while singing, and then it freeze-frames, mid-singing, and then the credits come up.
Simon: So Rich is right. He might actually just be fine, just, like, a little scalded.
Mike: He might be. He continued to sing after being electrocuted.
Jay: Well, we'll find out in Rocktober Blood II.
Simon: Well, so, so Rocktober Blood II was crowdfunded. The point is, the sequel was entitled Rocktober Blood II: Billy Is Back.
Mike: Billy is the one that was wrongly executed.
Simon: And by, and by sequel, I mean, crowdfunding campaign.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Simon: Uh, they did a crowdfunding campaign where one, where if you donated $50 plus $10 shipping, you would get a DVD or Blu-Ray of Rocktober Blood.
Jay: This, this, this very Blu-Ray. And this DVD.
Simon: A brand new HD transfer, uh, supposedly from 35mm elements.
Mike: You did get a Blu-Ray, Jay.
Simon: Uh, people got their Blu-Rays, and it was this transfer that we all got to enjoy tonight. And they were understandably confused, and, uh, it, and it was suggested many times on many forums that what had happened was they were actually running a barbeque restaurant in Florida, and they just used the money to open this barbecue restaurant. Uh...
Jay: This is all allegedly.
Simon: This is all allegedly. Yes, like, like, we, we are...
Mike: We don't wanna imply fraud.
Simon: We're only saying...
Rich: Which is what it demonstrated.
Mike: We're just talking about extreme fraud.
Jay: But...
Mike: Criminal fraud. We're just talking about it.
Simon: Just talking about it.
Mike: I am...
Simon: It's just, it's like, we're saying what we've heard.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: From us. From each other.
Rich: From hearsay.
Simon: Right now. Um, and, and, and this, this DVD, uh, the film comes to an end...
Jay: Yeah. And we don't, we don't have special features listed. We just have...
Simon: And then something truly magical h-, occurs. The film ends, and it cuts to an elderly Ferd Sebastian, and he is, like, you wanna know what we've been up to for the last 25 years, and you, you the viewer are, like, no, I wasn't wondering that. I, I wanted to know, I, I...
Mike: I just wanted an HD transfer of Rocktober Blood.
Simon: Or I'm, or I'm maybe curious about the making of this, uh, inexplicable film.
Jay: Sure.
Simon: Uh, so the simple narrative is that, uh, Beverly Sebastian began running a greyhound rescue, uh, which, uh, for whatever reason, was the target of a boycott, and people came and took her greyhounds cuz she couldn't maybe keep them all in one room.
Rich: That makes you wonder, though, right? I mean, this is a, a fucking greyhound rescue operation that was going to get boycotted. What the fuck happened when your greyhound rescue is being boycotted.
Simon: This is, this is a explanatory special features element, segment, that definitely raises more questions that it provides answers. Uh, so, we don't know what happened, but then she starts a charity, uh, which the entire segment is just basically shilling for this charity, which may or may not be, uh, a wonderful, positive charity...
Rich: They need to open up a new barbecue restaurant.
Mike: Oh, god. Is that where the greyhounds went?
Rich: These ribs taste awfully weird.
Simon: And you just, like, see, like, them chasing the dog, and it barking. They're, like, I thought this food, you said it would be coming out quickly. They're, like, no, no, no, it came from something that was very fast.
Mike: They do have a lot of, uh, web addresses, like, constantly.
Simon: Oh, www,2jesus.org.
Jay: Oh. Oh, yeah. Comma. There's a comma.
Mike: Whoever, whoever's typing up things for this DVD...
Jay: I think it was Billy from beyond the grave.
Rich: It's Ferd.
Simon: Well, I went to the...
Mike: Ferd's heart condition is, is causing so many typos.
Simon: And on the face of it, when you say, like, oh, it sounds, it's a scam to promote their dog rescue, that doesn't sound immoral. You're like, oh, that's great. But, but it, but it calls the dog rescue into question.
Jay: Yes.
Simon: It calls the sincerity of everything into question when you're selling $60 copies of Rocktober Blood that look like the thing we just saw. And, uh, supposedly, to raise money for a sequel, which, if there's any evidence of it going into production, uh, we cannot find it on the inter-, on the internet. And they're also in their 80's, and there's just no way they're making that fucking movie. If you donated to this crowdfunding campaign, you are a fool.
Jay: Oh, god.
Mike: Well, as promised, the film about a young sex pervert, creepily spying on ladies in the shower, I figured, Rich, you know the...
Rich: Bait-and-switch.
Jay: Bait-and-switch, check. Got it.
Rich: Ding.
Jay: Ding.
Mike: Jay, tell us all about The Pit.
Jay: Uh, The Pit is the most bizarre contemporary re-imagining of Dennis the Menace I've ever seen.
Rich: Jay, that was perfect.
Jay: Thank you, thank you. I was thinking about that during the movie. I was like, you know, this little kid, this little creepy sex pervert, he reminds me of Dennis the Menace.
Rich: And you saved that for the table. Yeah, yeah yeah.
Jay: Mr. Wilson.
Mike: Mr., Mrs. Wilson, into the pit.
Rich: Mrs. Wilson.
Jay: Mrs. Wilson.
Simon: Like, several miles.
Mike: Several miles, yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It's a bit of a trek on her motorized wheelchair.
Jay: Yeah. Uh, The Pit is, it's kind of, like, a couple disparate things going on, which is one little twelve-year old is a creepy sex pervert. He, uh, is very interested in, in ladies, particularly his, uh, librarian and his, uh, babysitter. Uh, but he's becoming a little pervert.
Mike: Does he share similarities with David Prior?
Simon: A young David Prior?
Mike: Young David Prior.
Jay: Yeah. Oh, this is, this isn't the young adventures of David Prior?
Mike: An old David Prior, I guess?
Simon: But, see, David Prior, if he'd wandered into watching his babysitter sleep, and her breasts were exposed, would've covered it up...
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Simon: ...but just, just slightly.
Jay: Dave, David Prior, all of his movies, all the ladies, there's no...
Mike: Just gently place the machine gun in her hands.
Jay: He also has a bear, a teddy bear that talks to him. And then kind of unrelated, he finds a big pit in the middle of the woods that has these little creatures in it.
Rich: But, but the interesting thing is that the teddy bear and the monsters appear unrelated.
Jay: Well, they are unrelated.
Simon: They are unrelated.
Jay: Um, the, the teddy bear talk to him, and it's just his own voice, and it's, like, it's, it's kind of psychological, and we discovered, we, we did a little research, and I guess the original script for this movie, it was, the pit was always supposed to be, it was psychological. It was not a literal pit with literal monsters in it.
Rich: That was in his head.
Jay: That was in his head, and it was sort of, uh, uh, kind of a metaphor for his budding interest in sex. An interest in woman.
Mike: Do you fuck teddy?
Jay: Is that why his fur is all matted and weird? Um, but in the movie, the final version of the movie, there is actual creatures in there, little hairy critter monsters. Um, and then the movie kind of peters out towards the end when they get out, and they just kill people, and it turns into a generic monster movie. Um, but 95% of the movie is weird and interesting.
Simon: And then there is the kind of, like, like, possible supernatural teddy bear thing, which really isn't very fully explored.
Rich: It's head turns on its own once.
Mike: I wanted to mention that.
Jay: That's the only, yeah.
Rich: I knew it!
Mike: Hey!
Rich: I knew it.
Mike: One shot, it's very obvious that he's, it's his own voice.
Simon: Yes.
Mike: It's not like a demon voice, you know. It's his own voice, which is very clearly psychological.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: But then they have that one shot where the head turns, and then it's, like, oh, my god, it's possessed by the demons!
Jay: Ah, no.
Mike: No. One shot.
Jay: Just the one shot.
Simon: No, it feels like they were originally going for, um, it reminded me of another Canadian film, Pin, uh, with, Terry, Terry O'Quinn.
Jay: Oh, Pin is great. Yeah.
Simon: Where, where Pin speaks, it's always with Terry O'Quinn's kind of whispering voice.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Simon: Um, and, and, and he realized, you know, you know, you, it lets you know that it's not real, and in certain subtle ways. This, however, makes it unambiguously clear that the pit is real.
Jay: There's a pit there.
Rich: You don't see the fucking pit?
Jay: There's a pit.
Simon: He kind of got lucky with that one.
Jay: There's a gigantic pit directly in front of you.
Simon: And the troglodytes are these, like, little kind of, um, like critters-looking things, like, critters from the film Critters, uh...
Mike: The red eyes.
Simon: Yeah, they've got little glowing eyes, and they're kind of, you know...
Rich: Same kind of fur.
Simon: ...sharp teeth, they're, and they're kind of cute.
Jay: Well, the structure of the movie is a little weird. I think they changed it in editing, because we start with a, a flashforward that has a flashback in it.
Rich: But it, but it kind of ruins the slow build, him killing...
Jay: It does.
Rich: ...him actually killing him.
Jay: But it, it really feels, like, uhh, we gotta put something up front.
Rich: Right.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: They didn't need to.
Jay: No.
Rich: It would have been interesting.
Jay: No, it would have been, like, such a great, like, slow escalation, cuz it's, like, the kid, like, the, the, uh, uh, the babysitter is, like, what do they eat, chocolate bars? She's, like, humoring him. And so he throws, like, candy bars down there, and they don't care about that. So he starts buying meat from the butcher shop.
Rich: He, he's, he gets a book at the library, and he reads about animals.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Oh, carnivores.
Jay: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rich: They eat meat.
Mike: It was very Little, Little Shop of Horrors.
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Audrey II.
Simon: Yeah, he has to steal money to get more meat from the butchers.
Jay: And then at one point he just tries to steal meat from the back of the butcher truck.
Simon: He tries to convince a cow to go into the pit, but the cow won't go.
Jay: He's stealing a whole cow now.
Rich: Yes!
Jay: He's stealing a cow.
Mike: I wanna see this, this cow go in a pit. Right to the source. He tried everything. Give him credit.
Simon: But, in, in, in, in a wonderful part of the film, it, there is, is once it gets going, it goes quite quickly in that he feeds several people in a row...
Jay: Yes.
Simon: ...to the pit, and in increasingly kind of hilarious ways.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: Um, all of which play kind of like slapstick because he's killing people with a hole in the ground, so they either have to, well, they just have to either accidentally fall into it, or he pushes them into it.
Jack: But, okay, so by the way, this boyfriend is the nicest guy, right? He's like, hey kid, you wanna learn how to play football?
Jay: There's most definitely not a pit right in front of you, either.
Mike: He's, like, go out for a little pass.
Simon: Oh, yep.
Rich: Whaaaaaaa?!
Simon: Well, I mean, a huge part of the film is this, this kind of weird anxiety of having to deal with the responsibility of a, of a pit.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Simon: Like, like, if you're the only person who knows the pit exists with little hungry troglodytes at the bottom of it, like, that's your pet, and you've gotta keep 'em okay. And, like, and that's a responsibility.
Mike: But, but Rich brought up many, many good points. How did they exist for 100,000 years without this twelve-year old?
Simon: Once the film becomes literal, it raises a lot of questions.
Jay: Yeah. If you, if you look at it, uh...
Mike: It's psychological or fantasical, or he's imagining it, it makes sense.
Simon: Or did, or did they just fall into the pit? We see that a lot of people do.
Mike: Five prehistoric troglodyte monsters.
Simon: Well, then it's, then suddenly it's four, cuz he, and he's, like, I think one died.
Jay: They, I think one just died.
Mike: They, maybe they just all simultaneously fell in the pit and got trapped 60 minutes before the 12-year old found them.
Simon: That's my deal. That's my, that's my...
Mike: That's the logic I'm going with.
Simon: That's the only thing that really makes sense.
Jay: Oh, yeah. That's a thing to point out. This is a, what they call Canucksploitation film. It's a Canadian-produced movie. They shot it in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, which is not too far from us.Simon: It's really a tragic film because, yes, it could have gone, like, one way. She could have been, like, this is a great discovery, like, people are gonna like you. And, and then she's, like, whoops. Like, shouldn't have worn high heels.
Rich: And then her bloody ghost comes back to chide him.
Simon: To chide him.
Mike: And then, it takes a weird twist where it feels like someone came in and said, you need these monsters to come out of the pit and start attacking local teens as they skinny dip.
Jay: That's where it turns into a Don Dohler movie.
Mike: That's when, and then the local rednecks with shotguns hunt them down, and then it's, like, well, it's, it's a completely different type of film.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: It's where I stopped becoming interested in the film.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah. It's, like, the last fifteen minutes or so, where it kind of loses you a bit.
Simon: Uh, do you, do you want to talk about the film's, uh, plot twist ending? Or the twist at the end.
Jay: Uh...oh, the very end?
Simon: The very end.
Jay: Sure.
Simon: Cuz, I mean, cuz, cuz there is a twist, uh, where he, he for some, whatever reason, the film doesn't make it clear, he goes to live with his grandparents, and he meets a adorable little mophead of a girl who lives next door. And she's, like, let's be friends, which is what he wanted the entire film, and then she essentially takes him into the woods, uh, and she has her own pit, and she pushes him into the pit.
Jay: She pushes him into the pit.
Simon: So...
Rich: Called it.
Jay: And Rich called it.
Simon: Rich, Rich, Rich called a lot of things, uh, which makes me feel like he maybe made these films.
Jack: Yay! Everybody's happy.
Rich: He's totally falling into a pit.
Mike: And now we'll cut to grandpa.
Jack: No, you got, they're gonna...
Simon: I truly have no idea where this film is headed.
Rich: He's gonna fall, and she's tricking him into a pit.
Simon: But I like, I like movies when I don't know where they're going. This is great.
Rich: This is totally going, she's tricking him to fall into a pit.
Mike: Rich, you're right.
Jack: Oh, my god.
Mike: Rich, Rich...
Jack: Congratulations, Rich.
Simon: I think that, I think I might've liked that movie.
Mike: But he, he kills five people, and he, he sets up the, uh, ballerina skirt, the tutu.
Simon: The tutu.
Mike: Yeah, what were the other framing...
Rich: The photos.
Jay: The photos.
Simon: The polaroids.
Jay: Oh, god.
Rich: The librarian who he sets up, that's part of the whole creepy sex thing.
Mike: Yes. Yes.
Simon: That requires so much explanation.
Mike: That, like, yes.
Rich: You need to talk about that before you mention those pictures.
Mike: He, he prank calls the librarian, and, and uses his own voice that's slightly echoed.
Simon: On a, on a...
Jay: He, he, yeah, he's using a cassette tape.
Mike: Playing.
Jay: He apparently recorded it knowing exactly how she would respond...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...and how long it would take her to respond.
Simon: Yeah, he's like, your, your, your niece, cuz, like, she's the aunt, it turns out. Your niece has been kidnapped, I need to see you.
Mike: Yes, I need you to expose your breasts right now...
Simon: To the window, yeah.
Mike: ...or your niece dies, and, and...
Simon: But he doesn't say that.
Mike: ...you know, he sounds like a twelve-year old on the phone. She complies, and he, he is able to snap polaroids at the exact moment that, that she exposed her breasts.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: Uh, and then she, she has that, the tutu, and one other piece of evidence that, that he plants in premeditation to cover up his own crimes of murder.
Jack: Ooh...
Rich: Oh, my god!
Jay: And the polaroids.
Mike: Man, this kid's a genius.
Jack: This is, this is like the, the prequel to the Joker. He's a criminal mastermind.
Rich: The cops are too lazy to follow the case.
Simon: Well, the cops discover a pit full of troglodytes.
Rich: Well, before that, though, it was like, ehh, he probably didn't do it.
Simon: Yeah, yeah, I mean, this movie is not a fucking...
Rich: I don't, I don't think he did it. Ehh...
Simon: This is what I'm saying. The film does not portray Beaver Dam's police force as, like, especially competent. Like, it's really extraordinary. Remember the slapstick bit in the wheelchair?
Jay: What the fuck was that?
Jack: What we really needed here was some boobery.
Simon: Slapstick.
Mike: Out of control wheelchair humor.
Jay: Yeah, what, why did that happen?
Simon: My, my issue with The Pit, first thing, is that I, I think it's borderline a good movie.
Rich: It's almost Xtro.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Simon: Well, I haven't seen Xtro, but I was gonna say, have you seen The Reflecting Skin?
Jay: Oh, I like that movie.
Simon: I, I love that film.
Mike: Of course! Of course! He says some weird shit, and you say, of course.
Jay: That's the second one. You mentioned Pin, and you mentioned The Reflecting Skin.
Simon: The Reflecting Skin is, is kind of like a darker take on The 400 Blows. It's just very, like, there's...
Mike: Well, I know Truffaut. I mean, I'm not that bad, but, but this guy and his weird crap.
Jay: Well, that's, that's what I was gonna say is that, like, the fact that there was some meddling and the fact that, like, the, the, the kind of, like, metaphor gets muddled, that actually makes the movie more interesting, because it makes it weirder. Um, so, and, yeah, the movie feels more unique because of the fact that it doesn't quite work.
Simon: Well, I, you know, and that's the funny thing. We can, we can, we can kind of be nostalgic for this alternate version of this film that, that, that seems better, where it's a, where the pit is all in his head, and it's just a crazy kid, uh, and we're seeing, like, the, the, you know, the process of, uh, of a child, of a mentally ill child, becoming a mentally ill teenager, and, and, but that movie might suck, too. They might have, like, they might have made the right choice by just being, like, nah, it's a pit.
Mike: By turning it into a Don Dohler film?
Jay: Rednecks with guns running around the woods, killing monsters.
Simon: Yeah, yeah, and, and then, like, little guys in bigfoot costumes.
Mike: If you're about to achieve brilliance, turn it into a Don Dohler film.
Simon: Well, look, I mean, I, I wrote The Guest, so I think, like, like, people might, like, like, understand that I, I, I do things, like, you know, hey, like, like, oh, you thought we were going for something subtle? Ehh, well...
Rich: We're gonna hit you over the head with a sledgehammer!
Simon: Yeah, exactly. Like, what if he goes into a hole he's made? So, so I have an affiniity that, like, become extreme genre in their third act.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: But, but, but this one really, it, it doesn't quite work. It, it really doesn't. And, and partially it's because the little bigfoots are just kind of cute.
Rich: To, to be, to be fair, to be fair, even if you didn't have the little bigfoots running around, they...
Jay: I guess that's what we're calling 'em now.
Rich: ...the goofiness of the kills might've also killed it.
Mike: That, that, yeah, that, that's a weird choice, too.
Rich: Like, the football death.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Or the little girl who just walks right into the pit when she would obviously see this giant pit.
Simon: When he goes to the older woman in her wheelchair and he's like, I'm gonna take you for a walk, and she's like, well, I don't know, and then, like, it cut, and he starts pushing her.
Rich: The wide shot?
Mike: Yeah.
Simon: And then it cuts to the wide shot of him pushing her, like, across the field, and she's just, like...
Jay: It's a comedy shot.
Mike: Yes. It's a comedy shot.
Simon: It is, it is unambiguously, like, a goofy, goofy, goofy moment.
Jay: What a clever nickname.
Mike: Well, uh, Rich...
Rich: Yeah. Now this is, this is a fucking easy one. I, just...
Jay: Wait, what movie is he talking about?
Mike: Mankillers.
Jay: Talk about Mankillers.
Rich: I'm gonna, I'm gonna talk about Mankillers. Uh, let's, let's, let's get two dozen boobs, and have them run around the woods with guns.
Simon: Precisely two dozen breasts.
Rich: There you go.
Mike: Jesus Christ, that's literally it.
Rich: That's, that's literally it.
Simon: There is no nudity in their film. However, there depiction of the female form somehow goes past nudity. It, it, it somehow...
Jay: This is so much sleezier than a movie full of nudity.
Rich: That's the one thing, that's the one thing that's interesting about this.
Simon: Somehow, they're able to be more exploitive in showing clothed women...
Jay: And, well...
Simon: ...than anyone could possibly be in showing a nude woman.
Jay: The craziest thing is that I, I never ever thought about...
Mike: Wait, are you saying this is worse than porno?
Simon: Yes.
Mike: Okay. I agree.
Simon: Well, maybe not every porno...
Rich: Let's, let's do the full proper synopsis, just so we can get that out of the way. There, there is, uh, uh, a drug dealer who is, like, a former federal agent or a cop, and he's, he's turned bad, and he turned bad with his female partner...
Simon: McKenna.
Rich: ...who, who he shot and left for dead.
Simon: Okay.
Rich: But McKenna. And she survived.
Simon: I'm guessing something bad is gonna happen to this car, based on its...
Jay: Cuz it looks like a piece of junk?
Simon: ...based on its...
Rich: Is that car with no headlights?
Simon: That car is gonna explode.
Mike: It's possible.
Jack: I dunno, you guys.
Simon: I feel that car might roll down a hill or something.
Mike: He got these in a junkyard.
Simon: Yeah.
Rich: The hood's having a...
Jack: I don't know, guys.
Simon: I'm a little worried about these cars.
Jack: They're in a couple beaten-down cars on an empty road. I don't think anything's gonna happen.
Mike: Oh...what?
Jay: What?
Simon: It was a flashback.
Jay: Neither of those cars blew up?
Rich: And he went on to become a drug dealer and sex trafficker.
Simon: Again, we were all in, wait, this is a la Rocktober Blood. We're informed of this without a scene.
Rich: And because he's, like, a former, he was a former agent, he knows all the tricks. They, they can't catch him. They just can't catch him. And so, out of desparation, they go to his former partner, who he turned on and shot, and they want McKenna to track this guy down...and her plan is to get twelve girls together, and they're gonna run around in the woods with guns to shoot them. To shoot all of the bad guys.
Jay: Where does he get those twelve girls?
Rich: Oh, from prison.
Jay: They're all prisoners.
Rich: They're all prisoners.
Simon: Now, now, now you would think from what Rich just said, it's like, oh, this person went to prison because she has a specialized talent...
Rich: Well, that's, that the thing. You, you expect a team of specialists. Like, here's my plan for infiltrating the base. We need a demolitions expert, and I need someone whose specialty, they were a thief, they're good at infiltration, they know how to sneak around, no. 
Simon: And, and furthermore, because they're trafficking women, you think, like, oh, they might infiltrate this. No.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: No, they're just women who were imprisoned for similar vague manslaughter, manslaughter uh, con-manslaughter, conning...
Jay: She's fighting the crooks, and they run towards the camp with guns. And that's the movie.
Simon: And the movie goes out of its way to inform you that the twelve prisoners she got, it's actually only ten, cuz with her and her partner, who's hastily kind of introduced and then non-intorduced.
Mike: Stormy Daniels.
Jay: Stormy Daniels.
Simon: Uh, they, they are, they make twelve, which I think is what this one is trying, all, all the Prior Brothers films have a reference point in popular cinema, and, and from talking to them, they said they would basically go see a popular movie, and then they would try to do their version of it.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Simon: Which is why, like, Night Wars or whatever is Platoon meets Nightmare on Elm Street. Um, obviously Deadly Prey is kind of a, a Rambo II-type thing.
Rich: Here's, here's the thing, though, that, I am very disappointed in this movie. This is the la...
Jay: Rich had high expectations.
Simon: It, it is a little surprising.
Rich: I, I am, we, this is the man who made Deadly Prey. That was one of the best movies we have ever screened.
Jay: That's true. Still, and that's been years now, and it's still the best movie..
Simon: It's an incredible film.
Rich: Even his other movies, they weren't as good.
Simon: They had energy.
Rich: He tried. He, he, you could feel some effort. This is the laziest fucking thing that David Prior has ever done.
Simon: We really need to talk about the wardrobe in this film
Mike: Yes.
Simon: Uh, which is, is, first of all, and, and I almost, the movie implicates that you, the viewer in its own lustful, lasciviousness. Because, like, when I say a phrase, there is not a brassiere worn in this film, it makes me sound, like, like...
Jay: Why did they have to wear 'em?
Simon: But, but you will know very quickly that no one in this film was wearing a bra. Uh, they are all wearing, basically, uh, torn rags, uh, barely covering their erect nipples, and I just don't know how else to phrase that. And they jiggle, and they bounce, and you are just, like, this is not appropriate army garb.
Mike: No. You're...
Simon: You're, you're crawling through rough. You're firing, like, rifles. This is not safe.
Mike: Was it, Rich, was it you that said, like, when they're doing the, the...
Simon: Oh, that was, that was me.
Jay: Yeah, they're crawling under the...
Simon: That was me. When they're crawling under the thing, and they're wearing, like, the short-shorts, and you can tell when they're getting up that their knees are just, like, wrecked.
Mike: Yeah, you need, you need pants on.
Simon: It's just, like, you should have worn pants. Pants would've been really helpful in that situation. But I mean, and there was some that are wearing shorts that are, like, scandalous.
Jay: This, this all sounds like you guys...
Mike: Borderline g-, g-string.
Rich: Well, here's the paradox, though.
Simon: I really hoped when I went on Best of the Worst that we would not be having a conversation like the one we're having. But it, but it is, it is unavoidable.
Jay: I think, I think the problem is, you guys seem to have a real big problem with what is, essentially, a feminist's manifesto.
Simon: I am, uh, disgusted by any depictions of the female form, and I, that is what's going on here.
Jay: This, this, this movie is so, there, there's twelve strong woman in this film, and all you guys are doing is talking about the way they're dressed...
Simon: They're so strong.
Jay: ...and the fact that they are scantily-clad...
Simon: You know, can I, your...
Jay: ...and they're doing jumping jacks.
Simon: It's, it's about tough woman jumping jacks.
Jack: But we're all gonna watch their tits bounce for hours. No bras in the military.
Simon: This is highly empowering.
Mike: Was that Killer Workout that had the montage of...
Jay: Yep.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: ...of, like, the...
Jay: Endless montages of crotches.
Mike: That's right.
Jack: Crotches everywhere.
Simon: Yeah.
Mike: That's what, oh, okay. 
Jay: Can you believe that's the same filmmaker? Look how far he's come with his progressive views.
Rich: They're, they're woman working out.
Mike: They're just working out. They're training, okay? It's just that you're reading into it too much.
Simon: You're putting your lustful male gaze on...
Rich: No, I mean, they're working out. There's a theme.
Simon: Jay's right.
Jay: And you guys are just, you're pigs.
Mike: Jump, jumping jacks without the bras.
Rich: Can we, can we show a clip of the one failing to throw a grenade?
Jay: Can we show the clip of the one that's running that falls out of her top? At the end of the montage, their knees are just all bloody. Oh, my god! She, she popped out!
Jack: Hey, hey, I thought you said there was no nudity.
Jay: There's nudity, nudity in David Prior, accidental nudity.
Simon: Well, I guess it wasn't intentional nudity.
Jay: And they just left it in.
Simon: And, and Jay's right. I would like to do a self-crit right now. Uh, like, like, this was a very feminist film. These, these women, they absolutely do eventually, after several of them who may or may not have had names get murdered, and after being sexually threatened and called bitches and hoes and cunts, um, they, they do eventually kill a man, and the movie ends not one second later. Like, so, like, if you think the movie's gonna have a little moment where they're, like, high-five, we did it girls, you're all, all your sentences are commuted, like, we did it, we have a moment...nope. As soon as the male character dies, credits roll. I mean, cuz that is the movie, the movie has served its function. And, and we also should say, um, the climax of this film, and much of this film, takes place in just a bunch of, uh, like, corrugated aluminum sheds. 
Jay: Where the, where our, our protagonist trained is aluminum sheds. Where they go to fight the bad guys is aluminum sheds.
Simon: If, if, if you have, if you have a aluminum shed fetish, this film is your, like, cat, like, porn, cat...
Rich: Is, is that the fetish you think this movie was going for? That was so underwhelming.
Jack: That's not where you put those.
Mike: No.
Simon: Three. Four.
Jack: Oh, wait. Ohh!
Jay: The walls just fall over. Oh, god.
Simon: There's our big action, guys.
Jack: This is like a stage production.
Simon: The tire's on fire.
Jay: This is like a, like a high school production.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: It's like community theater.
Jay: The most baffling part is when our hero, the main woman, McKenna, right? Well, that's, that's the end. The last 35 minutes of this movie is just McKenna shooting a guy.Simon: Again and again and again.
Jay: Again and again and again.
Simon: And they hide behind very thin pieces of aluminum and cardboard, and bullets ricochet off that, and then they shoot each, then she shoots him again.
Rich: To be fair, there's a whole lot of tension in that scene, though. Because we don't know when she's gonna use the bazooka.
Jay: She has a bazooka strapped over her shoulder.
Simon: Oh, I do, Rich,  I was going in a different direction.
Rich: Oh, yeah?
Simon: There's a lot of suspense cuz you just don't know when someone's gonna fall out of their top. Like, like, like, it could happen at any moment.
Mike: That's, that's the whole movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: I was on the edge of my seat.
Mike: Well, the, the bazooka and the confrontation with bad guy, uh, the, the tension is, four feet to the right are the, the ten other women who have machine guns, who are just waiting.
Simon: Well, there's, there's only...
Jay: She, she leaves them behind.
Simon: There's only eight of them at that point.
Jay: Yeah. Some of them died.
Simon: Some of them died. We don't know which.
Jay: But, but McKenna's, like, I gotta deal with this on my own, you guys stay back.
Simon: She, she's, like, they did, this is not my thing, and then literally...
Jay: They're, they're five feet away.
Simon: It's absurd, and the movie, then she blows him up at the end with the bazooka and a staggeringly anti-climatic and disappointing moment.
Jay: Oh, no!
Simon: Whoa, I can't see anything! I wish I hadn't done that.
Jay: All right. Here we go.
Simon: All right. What the fuck...?
Jay: What is he planning on doing?
Mike: Come on. Come on now.
Jay: Oh...
Jack: That's it?
Rich: That's not how bazooka works.
Jay: Oh...
Mike: Oh...
Jack: That's it!
Jay: Oh, oh!
Mike: Fireworks went off?
Rich: He's still alive, he's gonna get out of the car, he's gonna stop hobbling away.
Simon: Did he just have, like, fireworks in his pocket?
Jay: That was pathetic.
Mike: Did they realize the explosion wasn't quite as exciting, so they did a couple more?
Jay: Yeah...
Simon: And then the smoke drifts away, and it, and she walks over, and they're all just there. They're, like, great job.
Jay: It's, it's, this, it's missing a pan for full comedic effect, of just, whoop...
Simon: It, it, it really is.
Jay: ...they're right...
Simon: Yeah, or, or just, like, a different angle.
Jay: Yeah.
Simon: Where they're just in the background being, like, go, go, good, he's right over there. It's funny, we began the night with a film about a woman taking a bath ,and then we moved onto a film about a kid who likes taking baths.
Jay: We didn't even mention that.
Simon: And, and we finished with a film that made us all want to take a bath.
Rich: Ah, brought it all around. Nice little bow.
Simon: We feel dirty, and, and there's no way to talk about it without implicating yourself in its sins.
Rich: It, I do feel dirty.
Simon: Uh, although it is a very, although it has certainly its own moral code, uh, a lot of questions about Mankillers, but they pretty much all answer themselves. Uh, it's a movie about women running around wearing very little. It's, it's basically Baywatch for, like, the Rambo crowd.
Jay: Oh, that's a good way to put it.
Rich: Hmm...yeah.
Jay: I would say it's a feel, female empowerment film. About revenge.
Mike: I will go last. Rich, best of the worst?
Rich: The Pit. By a mile. By a fucking mile. Pit's one of the most interesting screenings I've had on Best of the Worst.
Mike: Interesting, or most entertaining? The rules are most entertaining.
Rich: For any reason, and that's The Pit.
Mike: Fine. Simon?
Simon: Well, I agree with Rich. Uh, and, and what I would say, in response to the most entertaining, uh, qualification, is I never knew what this one was going to do next. I truly didn't know. And, and that to me is kind of the definition of entertaining. It's like, it's like, when a movie can surprise me, and continue to surprise me, as long as it's not doing goddamn stupid nonsense, and s-, but, this is really a unique thing, and, and, and it has many good ingredients, and I think it's unambiguously the best of the worst.
Mike: All right. Jay?
Jay: Uh, The Pit. It's, it's, it's, it's weird and interesting. It's, it's up there with Xtro, which was one of our very first Best of the Worst episodes. But as far as movies that are, like, really really interesting, I think The Pit, it keeps you guessing, if it didn't fall apart in the final fifteen minutes, that's it's biggest flaw, um, but everything else before that, I think is, is kind of great.
Rich: So, what is it, Mike? What is it?
Mike: Uh, well...
Jay: You're gonna choose Mankiller just to fuck with us, aren't you?
Mike: No, no, no, no, no. Mankillers is, is out of the picture for me.
Simon: Yeah, you did not, you, you repeated many times during the screening, this was very bad.
Mike: Yeah. No, it, it, it...
Simon: To the, and you were kind of rocking back and forth and looking at the floor, and...
Mike: Yeah, it's, it's bad, it's uncomfortable, it's frustrating. It's, like, why did they make all these decisions. It's bad. Everything. Even the production design. They could not afford to rent out a warehouse where bad guy had his lair.
Simon: Oh, I loved...
Mike: It's so, like, someone said...
Jay: Corrugated aluminum.
Mike: Someone said, like a, like a community theater production.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Where it was, like, you have a little, like, poof of smoke that goes off.
Simon: And then, like a platform falls.
Mike: And then a platform falls over, yeah. And it was, like, that level of production, but in a film. I, I, I'm gonna pick Rocktober Blood.
Rich: You think it's a better fit for best of the worst?
Mike: Uh, I didn't laugh at The Pit. I, uh, I laughed occasionally...
Jay: But, for any reason, the most entertaining, for any reasoin.
Mike: Yeah, the reason being, the reaosn being, Ferd and Beverly, as an elderly people, couple that found Christ, that sold their film for $50, to finance a barbecue restaurant.
Simon: Plus, plus shipping.
Mike: Plus, that's it. This is great.
Rich: I would love to throw Mankillers in a pit.
Mike: Perhaps...
Rich: Somewhere, somewhere, perhaps in Wisconsin.
Jay: Oh, like, like Beaver Dam?
Rich: Yeah. 
Mike: Yeah, yeah. If we could find where The Pit was...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...in Beaver Dam, maybe we could throw Mankillers into it.
Rich: Like, go on a field trip? To actually find the location. And go on, like, a little tour. A little pit tour.
Mike: A pit, a pit, a pit stop...
Jay: A pit stop?
Rich: A pit stop, if you will.
Jay: Well, Mike, here we are in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, where The Pit was shot, thirty-some years ago.
Mike: That's right, Jay. And we brought Mankillers with us today, so hopefully, if we can find the actual pit, I'm throwing Mankillers down into it. And maybe, just maybe, there might be some angry troglodytes in the bottom of that pit to tear this terrible movie apart.
Jay: Well, if we're gonna find the pit, we should probably split up. We can cover more ground that way.
Mike: Great idea. Call me if you find the pit.
Jay: All right. Bye.
Mike: Bye.
Jay: Well, Mike, did you find the pit?
Mike: No, Jay. Did you find the pit?
Jay: No.
Mike: Well, what do we do with Mankillers, then?
