Apr 13, 2018
Hologram Man, Faust, and Blood Street
youtube.com/watch?v=f1je3wob5JA
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/984777604636037122
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-hologram-man-faust-and-blood-street

Jay: Hello, Rich Evans.
Rich: Hello, Jay.
Jay: Are you ready to shoot another Best of the Worst?
Rich: I am ready, Jay. What's, what's the deal today?
Jay: Oh, we have a whole new gimmick for this episode, Rich. I know how much you love the gimmicks.
Rich: Oh, no. What's the gimmick this time, Jay?
Jay: The gimmick is absolutely no gimmicks! Well, Rich, on beautiful VHS, we have a Hologram Man.
Rich: And we're going to spit a giant roulette wheel to determine whether or not we watch that we're just gonna watch that?
Jay: We're just gonna watch it. Here, read the box.
Rich: Oh. Slash Gallagher, Evan, Evan Lurie, Double Impact. Well, he is a mad psychoterrorist.
Jay: And what is his name?
Rich: Uh, Slash Gallagher. So, he, he smashes watermelons with a machete.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Is brought to justice by rookie cop, Kurt Decoda, Joe Lara from Steel Frontier.
Jay: That, they could just be making these up and it doesn't matter.
Rich: Convicted, Slash's prison term is to be served in the meanest form of detainment: holographics stasis. His mind and soul are stored on a computer, while his twisted brain is to be reprogrammed. Slash's gang of killers, intent on freeing their leader, break his mind and soul...
Jay: Separately.
Rich: Separately.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: They, are these two different things?
Jay: This is, this is gonna be like, yeah, two different movies happening, happening simultaneously.
Rich: You got a mind, a soul, and a brain. And this movie treats all of these things as being different?
Jay: Yes.
Rich: Out of the computers clutches, but his body is destroyed. Now he stalks the streets as an electromagnetic hologram able to walk through walls and with no fear of bullets, Slash has the power of a god.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Rich: The only man who can bring him down is the cop who put him away: Decoda.
Jay: How does being a hologram give him God powers?
Rich: I don't know. How can you even touch anything? Like, you can get in the bank, but then you can't grab the money.
Jay: Just, yeah, yeah, your hand just goes through the...
Rich: It's just like, oh shit.
Jay: Ah, fuck.
Rich: I did not think this through.
Jay: Oh, look. There's his soul.
Jack: Perfect. So now they're gonna reprogram his soul to put back into his body.
Rich: No, they're gonna take out his soul so they can reprogram his brain before they put a soul back in the reprogrammed brain.
Jay: This is very complicated. But he's a hologram!
Rich: He's a hologram!
Jay: You know this.
Rich: How am I going to kill him, sir?
Jack: Have, have you come up with a way to kill him? No.
Jay: How can he...whatever.
Rich: Okay. So I have in my hands here Faust.
Jay: Hmm.
Rich: Love of the damned.
Jay: Yes. Well, Faust, this is a movie we ordered because we saw the trailer before some other movie on Best of the Worst. 
Rich: It happens a lot.
Jay: Yeah. Um, Jeffrey Combs is in this. Andrew Divoff, who was the Wishmaster, is in this. And Mark Frost, who co-created Twin Peaks, is in this.
Rich: Jay, did you fart?
Jay: What happens when an ordinary man is so deeply hurt that, to take revenge, he is capable of doing absolutely anything, even sell his soul to the devil. So this is Spawn.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: He looks like Spawn.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Um, when John Jaspers' girlfriend is brutally murdered, he vows to avenge her death any way he can. When the mysterious M appears and offers a solution, John hastily agrees and signs the deal.
Rich: Mephistopheles.
Jay: That's what the M stands for?
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: I thought it stood for McFarlane. Suddenly, John has powers he can't even control, much less understand. The violent urges, the razor-sharp claws, the constant pain, and the pulsating scar on the palm of his hand, his constant reminder that everything has its price. Welcome to the nightmare of the 21st century. That's just the slogan for the real world now.
Rich: Okay.
Jay: Is it worth your soul? Faust!
Mike: Oh, my god. It's the Mask. Oh, boy. Oh. Oh, no.
Jack: Yes!
Rich: Jay, you're missing everything.
Mike: Oh, god. It's, it's terrible!
Jack: Jay, it's terrible!
Jay: Is he full-on Faust now?
Mike: He's in a Faust costume.
Jay: Oh, no.
Mike: It looked like The Mask, like, for a second, with Jim Carrey.
Jack: Somebody stop me!
Jay: Oh, my god. Well, Rich, our last film, the much anticipated sequel to Low Blow, Blood Street. It looks like Low Blow's hair is about to fly off when he's doing his kick here.
Rich: Well, cuz it is.
Jay: This is more action than he, than he did in all in Low Blow. So why don't you tell us about Blood Street?
Rich: Uh, before I tell ya anything, I have, I have one major, major worry. This is a nice car.
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Rich: Low Blow, Low Blow shouldn't drive a nice car.
Jay: No, he needs his piece of shit.
Rich: He needs his piece of shit. Blood Street’s fast-paced action sets the mean streets of San Francisco ablaze. Joe Wong...(Leo Fong)... They’re not even trying. They were worried he wouldn’t respond, he made the movie and he’s worried he won’t respond to a name that’s not his own?
Jay: He needs to have a name that sounds similar to his real name so he remembers to react to it, yeah.
Rich: His streetwise private investigator hired by the seductive Vanna MacDonald (Playboy centerfold Kim Paige) to trace the mysterious disappearance of her husband. What seems to be a routine case quickly turns the streets bloody red with violence as Joe unwittingly steps into a lethal crossfire between the two biggest drug lords in history. Joe soon realizes that is was Vanna herself who orchestrated the entire bloodbath!
Jay: Spoiler!
Rich: And it’s up to him alone to find the courage to bring justice back to the streets of San Francisco. Action sequences directed by World Karate Champion George Chung.
Jay: I just wanna know who directed the, the scenes with Rod Stewart.
Jack: Throw him off the fucking building!
Rich: Fuck it, I’m not taking any chances, so, on today’s episode! Of Best of the Worst...
Mike: Don’t you wanna describe Faust?
Rich: No! No, I don’t want to do it. Jay, it totally has to be Jay. And I don’t want to describe the other two, I don’t want anything to do with that. So, I’m taking charge, I’m stepping in...
Jay: Okay.
Rich: And, and, fuck it, Mike, tells us about Hologram Man, the first movie we watched on today’s episode.
Mike: Well, Rich! This is a Richard Pepin film...uh, and Rich...
Jay: That’s the lead actor from, uh, uh, uh...oh, fuck, I ruined it. That’s the lead actor from Battlefield Earth...Isn’t his name like Barry Pepper or something?
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Jay: Is it that actor who appeared in two movies and then vanished? 
Mike: That is nowhere near close to Richard Pepin to, in order to be remotely funny, but it was a real good try.
Jack: Isn’t that the guy, he played for the, uh, uh, the Charlotte Hornets, right?
Mike: Oh, this is a sports reference, you’re...
Jack: Scottie Pippen.
Mike: Scottie Pippen, why would you pick the Charlotte Hornets and not the Bulls?
Jay: I was gonna say...
Rich: You fucking idiot.
Jay: He’s most known for playing for the Bulls, even I know that.
Jack: That’s all my sports knowledge...Scottie Pippen was a thing.
Rich: Fucking, fucking Michael Jordan’s right hand man.
Mike: During the (?) when the Bulls won six championships in 5 years?
Jack: I knew the name of the sports guy, that’s all I know!...All I can remember is, like, NBA Jam on the Super Nintendo and I thought I remembered Scottie Pippen and, uh, Patrick Ewing on the Hornets.
Mike: Rich...I’m, I’m happy to say...
Rich: Uh huh?
Mike: We’re sitting on the non-embarrassing side of the table .
Rich: And you’re sitting next to Rich Evans.
Mike: I know! The night’s off the rails already...I haven’t even started talking about Hologram Man. And 50% of the panel have already embarrassed themselves...okay.
Rich: And not Rich Evans.
Mike: And Jack is wearing a Star Trek t-shirt.
Jack: It’s true.
Jay: Hologram Man!
Mike: Hologram Man...uh, Hologram Man sucks. It stars Joe Lara, uh, a nobody, um...
Rich: Are you reading the back of the box ‘cause you don’t remember what happened?
Mike: No, I do.. Okay. Um...
Jay: You gotta do the, uh, uh, the...
Mike: Blender.
Jay: The pitch, yeah. The blender pitch.
Mike: This is, uh, Demolition Man meets Lawnmower Man meets I would say a little bit of Hollow Man, but that’s a later film.
Jay: So, not?
Mike: So I’m gonna scratch that off, meets Robocop meets, there was one more.
Jack: Speed.
Mike: Well, there was a bus, the bus gets taken over.
Rich: It wasn’t Speed the one, though.
Jay: Darkman.
Mike: Darkman, yeah. So, a bunch of films put together, the premise is...convicted criminal...his name is Slash Gallagher.
Jay: I keep wanting to call him Slade Craven, but that was from another movie we watched.
Mike: That’s Turbulence 3.
Jay: Turbulence 3: High Voltage? What is that movie called? Um...
Mike: Turbulence 3...
Jack: Is it High Volta, no, that’s Crank 2: High Voltage.
Jay: Crank 2: High Voltage.
Jack: High Velocity?
Rich: Turbulence?
Jay: Turbulence 3: Turbulence.
Mike: Yeah, I said that already, I think that’s what the title actually was. Anyway, it doesn’t matter, the main character’s name is Slash Gallagher.
Jack: Yes.
Mike: Which we had said he smashes watermelons with a guitar.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: While wearing a top hat. And he does have the hair. He resembles Jonathan Davis, the lead singer of Korn. Slash Gallagher is a criminal/revolutionary who wants to take down the government and he is imprisoned, and the new form of taking care of inmates is to take out their soul with a machine.
Jay: Put it into the Austin Powers mojo tube.
Mike: He calls the guy an intellectual sphincter...which I think is a great insult. I’m gonna use it someday, probably on you.
Jay: Oh yeah, and our lead action hero, his catchphrase, which is shit! Don’t, uh, pull your cop car up and run around to the front of your cop car.
Mike: And just run at people without any cover whatsoever.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: They were in tactical Get Mowed Down Formation.
Mike: Yes, they were.
Rich: This is, this is how an evil corporation was able to take over the government in the future.
Mike: Okay. The cops are just so...
Rich: The cops are so incompetent that the corporation that is not OCP just comes right in and takes control.
Jack: My favorite part of his transition into adulthood was the little bit of white that they put into his hair.
Jay: And the beard that he has in some scenes but not in others.
Mike: Inconsistent beard stubble is a medical condition that affects 30% of all males, Jay.
Jay: Oh! Bald males? 
Mike: ...Of all males.
Jay: Oh, of all males, I thought you said bald, I was gonna say he’s not bald.
Mike: In Los Angeles, that’s a side effect of smog.
Jay: The dragon from the Hobbit movies?
Jack: No, that’s Smaug.
Jay: Remember the Hobbit movies?
Rich: Do you remember the Denny’s Hobbit meals?
Mike: They have that for the new Han Solo film. 
Rich: Hobbit meals?
Mike: They’re doing a Denny’s cross promotion.
Jay: Oh my god!
Rich: I was hoping it was Han Solo Hobbit meals.
Jay: Han Solo’s Hobbit-hole?
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: There’s been a picture going around of a villain, and it’s like a lobster, a guy with a lobster head and lobster claws and it’s called, like...like, like, Crazy McScissorpunch? And it’s like a real thing.
Rich: Crazy McScissorpunch.
Mike: I’m gonna find it.
Jack: Crazy McScissorpunch.
Mike: Okay, okay...
Jay: Scissor...
Rich: Therm Scissorpunch?
Jay: That has to be fake!
Mike: ...It’s a lobster! It’s not even like, um...what’s his face? Uh, uh.
Rich: Admiral Ackbar.
Jay: Calamari?
Mike: He was a, Mon Calamari.
Jay: Mon Calamari?
Mike: But this is literally a lobster.
Jack: ...a Lord and Miller gag, that’d make sense, ‘cause they probably just came with a bunch of dumb names
Mike: Scissorpunch.
Jack: And they were just like.
Mike: I love it! I actually love it. I’m all for...
Jack: If it’s a gag.
Mike: ...Star Wars schlock.
Rich: I notice we’re talking about anything but Hologram Man.
Mike: A Therm Scissorpunch.
Jack: She’s painting on his skin, but it has a close-up of his perfectly sculpted beard stubble, it’s like, how did you paint individual hairs, lady?
Jay: A better question is why does she spend the time to do any of this? Is there any purpose to this other than, to, so they didn’t have to have a hologram effect through the whole movie?
Rich: Yes!...She could, she could touch him, I guess?
Jay: Well, she does touch him, they fuck, apparently.
Rich: I thought the rubber kept that from happening.
Jay: It only happened a little bit.
Jack: This is the cheap rubber.
Mike: They are gonna have sex, how’s he gonna have sex? How is he gonna have.
Jack: Did you ju, did she paint his dick, too? 
Jay: Oh, god.
Jack: She did. She painted his dick. 
Mike: There is numerous ways to improve the script.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It’s like watching, like, a two year-old draw something.
Rich: Mike.
Mike: Like, you’re trying to draw...the sun! It’s a fucking circle! Ghost Cop, or Hologram Cop...uses his special superpower to look like the President of Space.
Jack: That’s right.
Mike: And then cover himself with another layer of latex that his girlfriend meticulously painted all the details on. So that he, when he ripped off the President of Space, he was Hero Cop underneath.
Jay: I don’t know how she did it...but she did it.
Jack: When you spray latex on latex it would just stick...
Rich: It would just stick to each other.
Mike: She put a layer of baby powder.
Jay: There you go, that’s what you gotta do, yeah.
Mike: We couldn’t really see it.
Rich: How was she able to paint the contours so they look like the President of Space’s face contours?
Mike: What’d she do with all of his hair? It’s just like, smooshed into a ball, like the President of Space has just this giant humpback? What’s that giant humpback, sir? 
Jack: Oh, it’s a tumor, space tumor.
Mike: Why do you look all fucked up? Should’ve been like Schwarzenegger in, with the woman in drag in Total Recall. What’s wrong with you, sir? Man, that’s a good movie.
Jack: That is a good movie.
Rich: I was thinking the exact fucking same thing.
Mike: Hmm mhm.
Rich: Man, that’s a good movie.
Jay: Total Recall.
Jack: Quality flick.
Rich: That’s the shit.
Mike: This side of the table thinks alike! Is that the expression?
Jack: I don’t like this.
Rich: Stay on your side of the table.
Mike: We’re gonna put a line here.
Jay: Build a wall.
Rich: We, we’re gonna build a wall and Jay is gonna pay for it.
Mike: That’s right.
Jay: I’m not gonna lie, this movie melted my brain so much I can’t remember the details of the plot, it’s essentially Spawn...just way more fucked up and kinky and the last act goes off the rails
Mike: These credits do not match the preceding scene.
Rich: No! 
Jack: Wake up, dickheads, it’s time for Faust! I think your theory gets kicked right out the door as soon as the horny lady gets turned into a literal puddle of tits and ass. Did he just make her a tit puddle?
Mike: He looks like Fire Marshall Bill. 
Jay: Well, it’s also weird because, when he first sells his soul to the devil, and the devil’s, well, not the devil, but the devil’s, whatever, minion, is played by Wishmaster
Jack: M?
Jay: M.
Rich: Oh. Mephistoles?
Mike: What?
Jay: What’s his name?
Rich: Mephistoles?
Mike: That’s not right.
Jay: That’s not right.
Mike: Try again.
Rich: Mephostopheles?
Jay: Oh!.
Jack: Take that, Mike! 
Rich: Oh, you gonna, are you gonna put it in a caption, me saying it right?
Jay: A little gold star next to it?
Mike: You did it, Rich, you did it.
Rich: No, no, then you gotta...a scoreboard, like a chalkboard, and it’s gonna have like a line down the middle, Rich and Mike. And then...for your side, it’s gonna have all these little marks on it, like...and then I’m just gonna get like one, ding! Ding!
Mike: I’m real proud of you. I thought you were gonna struggle with that for, like, a couple hours.
Jay: We’d be here till 4 in the morning.
Mike: I mean, you know, it’s not the easiest word to say.
Jay: What a weird collection of...villains. Lots of weird-looking people.
Jack: Also...
Rich: Then you’re...
Mike: There was a midget, an elderly...
Jay: There was a little person, there was an elderly lady, there was a, a...goofy-lookin’ Asian dude.
Mike: It reminded me of the, like, the...uhh, Dr. Evil, like, round table of all the supervillains.
Jay: Ohh, yeah!
Mike: That super old lady looked like super old Frau Farbissina, and I was like, this is, this is bordering on goofy.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: That’s why I like it.
Jay: Bordering?
Jack: The whole movie.
Mike: It’s crossed the line, you got a midget sitting next to Frau Farbissina, and then they pan around, and there’s like, there’s a black lady with a glowing crystal, and then there’s a...
Jay: And the Wishmaster has bleach blond slicked-back hair.
Jack: Yeah, there’s no bordering goofy, this movie was jumping back and forth while naked covered in grease.
Rich: So it’s like David Cronenberg meets Black Cougar?
Jack: Yes! 
Mike: The elite supervillains at the end? That’s what Rich is getting at. This got weird...just wanna say it. She’s in, like, a fucking Iron Maiden thing? A, and, and, I don’t know where they got all this stuff, and she’s like..
Jack: It was in...
Jay: The director’s garage.
Jack: But he, and he, here’s, here was the big eyebrow-raiser...
Jay: Rich is checking out. Rape saved the day?
Mike: Her dad’s bleep was so big it destroyed her bleep?
Jay: And she cleverly used that to her advantage to save the day...?
Rich: Ehhh?
Mike: She could’ve just said I’m on birth control. And then Faust, it cuts to him at the original moment on the bridge...
Jay: Oh, yeah, that was confusing.
Mike: When he made the deal with the devil, and then he jumps off the bridge, and he dies, and then it cuts to him dead, almost like a time travel thing?
Rich: I think that was just some kind of metaphor thing, I think he actually died from the bullets he got shot with earlier that didn’t kill him when he had Faust powers?
Mike: Ah, okay, okay.
Jay: It’s very artistic in this movie that also has a scene where a snake comes out of a woman’s belly button and then gets shoved down Jeffrey Combs’ throat.
Mike: I saw it as more of a modern retelling of It’s A Wonderful Life.
Rich: It’s A Horrible Life.
Mike: It’s A Wonderful..Death!
Jack: We, well, Clarence!
Rich: E-, e-, every time a bell rings, Satan gets a boner! Yuck.
Jay: Yuck.
Rich: Yughhhg, alright...the, -the, the, next we watched Blood Street.
Mike: We watched.
Rich: Blood Street is a very special movie, that I think...Jack is the only human being on this planet who could even come close to telling you what the fuck happened.
Jack: All of my superpowers...
Mike: Jack doesn’t even know.
Jack: I just hate that I have to follow up Faust...with Blood Street.
Rich: I’m sorry, you’re the only man for the job.
Jack: And, you know what, you would that this would be a bit of a disappointment after tit puddle. But Leo Fong pulls it out again
Mike: He does...
Jack: And again and again...
Mike: That’s what she said...that’s what all the actresses in the film said.
Jay: None of their uteruses work anymore.
Rich: Ohhh, god! 
Jay: Okay, for anyone that doesn’t know, we watched a movie called Low Blow and this is the sequel to Low Blow, so we’re gonna call his character Low Blow.
Mike: Are you gonna start talking about...
Jack: God, no, I’ve been putting it off! Okay, no, it’s, the story is so simple, it, it’s, uh...it’s...detective noir fanfiction starring Joe Fong...uh, in which he...
Jay: Joe...
Mike: Leo Fong.
Jay: Leo Fong!
Mike: Joe Wong is the character.
Jay: Leo Fong is a Mary Sue.
Jack: I’m so...
Mike: Yeah, he is.
Rich: It’s Leo Fong starring as Joe Wong who is Low Blow.
Mike: Get it together!
Jack: How could I ever confuse the things? So, he’s a hard boiled detective, he’s a private detective, and a sexy lady comes in, whips out a tit and says find my husband. This is a real thing that happens in the movie. She then puts her tit back in. Uh, and so, I think next he goes into a bar and murders people.
Mike: He goes into a bar with the express purpose of ordering a Shirley Temple.
Jay: Jesus! He just murdered a guy!
Mike: That’s why he was drinking a Shirley Temple. Okay, bye.
Jack: Why did you go in there?
Jay: He just straight up murdered a guy!
Jack: And so, and then he goes to more places, there’s more murder, he murders...
Jay: There’s more murder. Everywhere he goes, he leaves a trail of blood behind him.
Rich: But I mean, it’s not like he kills everyone, it’s pretty casual, just every now and then.
Jay: Oh my god!
Jack: Stop murdering people!
Jay: He keeps killing!
Mike: That guy didn’t even do anything.
Jay: That guy was just there playing darts.
Jack: No, Leo! Stop!
Jay: He’s a madman!
Jack: He’s already dead!
Mike: It’s some kind of hidden rage.
Rich: Find me the best Eddie Murphy impersonator around, they’ll think Eddie Murphy’s in my movie!
Jay: Why does Leo Fong sound like a sleazy producer?
Rich: Find me the best...Eddie Murphy impersonator...around.
Jack: He sounds like Eddie Murphy, he looks like Eddie Murphy, he’s wearing full leather outfits, he, he...
Rich: We found out, after the movie, we looked it up, he’s a stunt coordinator!
Jay: ...Not for this movie, though.
Mike: Not for this movie.
Rich: Not for this movie, but he’s a stunt coordinator.
Jay: Leo Fond was the stunt coordinator for this movie.
Rich: He’s done a ton of movies and he has never been Eddie Murphy’s stunt double!
Mike: Or even a fucking stand in.
Jack: Right?
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Or even his friend!...He tried once and Eddie Murphy told him fuck off!
Jack: Okay, so, Low Blow murders people to find the husband and, as it turns out, the husband is, um, getting constant massages.
Mike: And slappin’ black women around...and, and Nighthawk is not having it.
Jack: He’s not havin’ that, you slap all these other bitties, not that one.
Mike: And he said...
Rich: I’m gonna wreck your uterus.
Jay: We know that because the end credits of the movie, they say where all actors are from, for some bizarre reason.
Jack: As hard to follow as the movie is, that was the most baffling part. So, as we go down our...our detective spiral here...
Jay: The Low Blow Rabbit Hole, as they called.
Jack: That’s exactly what they call it. In film school. When you take your semester on Low Blow.
Mike: Plots that make no sense. The Low Blow Effect...Leo Fong’s Dementia...Early Onset Dementia.
Rich: Who teaches that class, the Partners guy?
Mike: Let me tell you why this plot makes total sense! 
Jay: This movie’s brilliant!
Jack: While Low Blow is searching for MacDonald, who is a drug lord getting massages...
Rich: Over one billion crack sold.
Mike: I get it.
Jack: Like hamburgers...
Mike: I get it, yeah.
Jack: Bada ba ba ba.
Mike: I think Jay is laughing more at how terrible your joke is. As opposed to how funny it was.
Rich: It’s fine.
Mike: Now, is that a check mark?
Jay: It’s great, that gets a check mark.
Jack: Wow! 
Mike: So Rich is up to two to like a hundred trillion.
Jay: It’s so bad it comes back around to get the check mark, I like it, I like it. And then we cut and that’s the end of the scene
Mike: Every scene ends like that.
Jay: And then it happens multiple times, and we’re like who are these people in the masks?
Jack: So, in the Leo Fond...
Mike: Jay, the drug business is very competitive.
Jack: Like, it’s really hard to write a scene.
Jay: I even said during the screening, I picture Leo Fond making this movie specifically so when there’s like, Thanksgiving or Christmas when the whole family gets together, he can put his movie on and be like...
Mike: Maybe.
Rich: The, the striking...
Mike: Except for the creepy sex stuff. See, this is pointless, I just picture Leo Fong behind the camera, masturbating.
Rich: He’s not having the sex scenes ‘cause his fetish is he’d rather be watching someone else.
Jay: And he punches the daughter so hard she dies.
Rich: She’s just lying there, comically, like, arms out, evenly and there’s no blood.
Jay: What was that called, there was like a thing like six, seven years ago, planking? When you just lay on the ground? 
Rich: Near the end of the movie you have Nighthawk say, that was my son you murdered who killed your daughter.
Mike: Oh!
Rich: You know? You could do that!
Mike: He has two sons?
Rich: Sure!
Mike: ‘Cause Eddie Murphy was also a son.
Rich: A man can have two sons.
Jay: Pffft.
Jack: That’s a thing.
Rich: His wife’s uterus wasn’t ruined by Satan.
Mike: The woman’s uterus was ruined by her father.
Rich: Okay.
Mike: Not Satan. Satan was unable to use her uterus as a vessel, for, for...
Jay: Get your uterus destruction facts straight, Rich.
Rich: The interesting thing about this movie...is just how lazy it is compared to his other movies.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: It’s pretty bad.
Jay: I was like, whenever it would cut to a new scene, before anything would even happen, I would just start chuckling, and I wasn’t even laughing at like the movie is so bad it’s funny, I was chuckling at how lazy and terrible everything was. Not specific things, just like, the overall effect.
Rich: Low Blow, like, the original Low Blow, that’s got a scene where he takes his foot and he crushes a man’s skull.
Jay: Yeah. His head turns into birthday cake.
Rich: The climax of Low Blow is turning a man’s head into a birthday cake.
Mike: I remember that.
Rich: The climax of this movie is he shoots Rob Stewart through an elevator door.
Mike: Did you say Rob Stewart?
Rich: Uh, Rod, I said Rob. This is the laziest thing Leo Fong has ever done. That’s the climax of your fucking film!
Mike: He gets to the elevator, he’s hit the button, and we’re just waiting. And then, I think he thought, Leo Fong was delusional...he’s insane, he, he thought that would be like, oh!
Jay: I mean, he’s still alive. He’s still makin’ movies.
Mike: I know, and it’s fucking weird.
Jay: He could, he could theoretically come here and kick us in the face for making fun of him.
Mike: If he’s making another Low Blow...like, I think all 4 of us, we just need to be those guys that just come up to him and he just...
Jay: I wanna get a dart in the forehead.
Rich: Yes!
Jack: Leo, let us be in your movie and kill us!
Rich: Please, Leo!
Jack: Come on!
Jay: Contact us, we’ll pay for our own travel.
Mike: We’ll pay for everything...we’ll pay for the, production budget of your film, I just...I just wanna get killed by Low Blow.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And I think that would be a dream come true .
Jay: I agree.
Rich: ...I wanna get hit by his car.
Mike: You get run over by his car, you get a dart in the head.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Uh, Jack, bottle? Broken bottle to the throat, like, what do you want?
Jack: Oh, sure, maybe, maybe he can bust out that single barreled shotgun.
Jay: Oh, there you go, like, squib.
Mike: I get punched in the face and thrown off a building. I had a blast watching Blood Street and it was really bad. Leo Fong maintained the expectations that I expect from a Leo Fong film.
Jay: By failing to match the expectations of his previous movies.
Mike: And Hologram...Man, you know...uh...eh, I, I don’t hate it so much I wanna destroy it.
Rich: I, I’m, I hated for its just wasting potential.
Mike: It’s a lot of wasted potential, that’s a good point, but...
Jay: There’s some boredom.
Rich: I’m watching and thinking here there are obvious ways you could do this better.
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: But it’s not necessarily insulting.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: No, I wasn’t like, miserable watching it.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Well then how the fuck do we end this episode?
Mike: Umm...
