Jun 2, 2018
Kill Squad, Ryan's Babe, and Demonwarp
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-kill-squad-ryans-babe-and-demonwarp
youtube.com/watch?v=jcK4ioF8ODc
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1003008157281550341

Jack: Hey, Josh.
Josh: Hello, Jack.
Jack: So, did you see Solo?
Josh: Oh, yeah. I loved Solo. It's really great.
Jack: Really?
Josh: Yeah. Yeah, it's my, my favorite Mario Van Peebles movie.
Jack: Do you just, do you just carry that around with you?
Josh: No.
Jack: Oh, it's for the, it was for the joke?
Josh: No. Enough about all of that, let's watch some movies.
Jack: Yeah! What do we got today? What do we have, what's going on?
Josh: Oh. Well, let's watch this movie.
Jack: It's right there.
Josh: His wife is dead. He's paralyzed. Now comes the Kill Squad. So there aren't a lot of complete sentences, so just be, be ready for this.
Jack: Okay. 
Josh: All right. 
Jack: Give it to me.
Josh: He saved them in Nam. Now it's time for payback. Kill Squad. Joseph was there officer in Nam. He saved all their lives. They would each die for him. They just might all die. Joe needs help. He's called out the Kill Squad. That's as good as I could get it. Cuz that man ellipses in one sentences is very impressive.
Jack: I think I understand what's happening.
Josh: Okay. I can explain a little more.
Jack: Oh, please.
Josh: Uh, Joseph and his wife, Joann, are viciously attacked in their home. She's raped and killed. 
Jack: Oh, no.
Josh: He's shot and paralyzed.
Jack: Double danger.
Josh: Mm-hmm. Larry, his best friend an ex-squad member from Nam, calls up the rest of the squad. After all, they all owe him their lives.
Jack: How does Cameron Mitchell get these roles where he's, like, starring in the movie, but then doesn't actually have to do anything in the movie?
Josh: The only lead they have to start checking out is the name of the leader, Dutch. Cameron Mitchell. Everywhere they go, when they ask about Dutch, the people are reduced to trembling animals. Tiny dogs and cats and hamsters.
Jack: It's magic. This has magic in it.
Josh: It's very strange. 
Jack: It's like that scene in Willow. 
Josh: Fighting as if cornered, and their very lives are at stake, fight after brutal fight, they continue looking for Dutch...so they can't find them all, so this is how it's gonna work
Jack: Yeah.
Josh: Uh, their numbers being reduced by the bodies of buddies they have to leave behind, an excellent car chase ending and a fiery explosion, and we find our Kill Squad almost desperate but determind to finish the job.
Jay: That's a line.
Josh: It's fair.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Rich: You fell off a building.
Jay: Onto a car.
Jack: Ryan's Babe. All right. So this is, uh, Ryan's Babe, this is the road movie that doesn't know where it's going.
Josh: Oh, man.
Jack: Classic boner road comedy. What was, what was the, the end-all boner road comedy with Tom Green in it? Was it just called Road Trip?
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Videonomicon proudly presents...
Josh: Proudly?
Jack: ...for the first time on DVD, Ray Ramaya's road trip cult classic Ryan's Babe.
Josh: We all know about it...classic.
Jack: Cult classic, right up there with Racky Horror. A good heart and bad luck will get you nothing but trouble.
Josh: Mm...
Jack: That's what Ryan discovers the hard way. Like a boner.
Josh: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Dicks. Yeah.
Jack: Dicks. When he thought hitting the road would solve all of his problems, instead it was just the beginning. Ryan, Bill LaVasseur, uh, from The West Wing...
Josh: Oh...
Jack: ...from getting carjacked at gunpoint to being mistaken for a mobster's son...
Josh: What?
Jack: ...to a run-in with cheerleaders intent on vigilante justice.
Josh: Wow.
Jack: Ryan barely escapes one mess before landing in the middle of another.
Josh: Oh, boy.
Jack: He can't win. Finally able to go home, Ryan...
Josh: Ah.
Jack: Wh-?
Josh: Hm?
Jack: What?
Josh: No, just, I was wondering where he was going. Cuz, it's road trip movie.
Jack: Usually, you have a destination.
Josh: Going from a place to a place, and I hadn't heard until he said right there to go home.
Jack: Well, he's going home.
Josh: Yeah, from where?
Jack: From where, or to where. Did he go somewhere, and then go back home?
Rich: What?
Jay: What?
Rich: Wh-what?
Jack: What?
Jay: What?
Josh: Wait.
Jay: Wait, what?
Jack: Wait, what?
Jay: Wait, what?
Josh: Wait.
Jack: What?
Jay: What is this?
Josh: What?
Jay: Where are we now? Wait. What is happening?
Jack: Wait, wait, wait.
Jay: What? But why...oh, god. What? What's happening?
Jack: Why not just leave him there?
Rich: What?
Jay: What?
Rich: Just leave him alone.
Jay: Wait, what?
Josh: What?
Jay: Where is he?
Josh: What? Who? Huh? I, I...
Jack: What is going on?
Jay: What is happening? Why, where, how did we get here?
Jack: Wh-?
Rich: What?
Jay: Wait, what? Why is this happening?
Rich: Wh-, how...
Jack: Wh-...
Rich: He doesn't even look like he gives a shit.
Josh: Uh, this movie is called Demonwarp, starring the heavenly George Kennedy.
Jack: Ahh, most, most famously known from, uh, The Naked Gun series, or Police Squad.
Josh: Mm-hmm. A vengeance-crazed hunter searching for his daughter. Five youths stalking an inhuman mutation. They have just stepped into the alien-spawned realm of Demonwarp, and a wave of unearthly terror is about to begin.
Jack: So the demons are aliens.
Josh: No?
Jack: Okay. You're right.
Josh: Or...
Jack: Yes...
Josh: Maybe?
Jack: Okay, you're right.
Josh: Because the, the, the Demonwarp is a realm.
Jack: Oh, it's a realm.
Josh: Which is alien-spawned. Which may or may not have anything to do with the vengeance-crazed hunter, or the five youths, or the inhuman mutation, or the daughter.
Jack: That is a lot to pack in.
Josh: Enter a primeval world of future shock and alien terror. Demonwarp. A transmutation into terror. They went for it. They're going for it in this fucking thing. Jesus.
Jack: A transmutatation into terror.
Josh: I have so many questions, and I don't...
Jack: That was just the front of the box.
Josh: That was just the front.
Jack: I thought that was the whole thing.
Josh: Stir you around like a soup.
Jay: You know, it occured to me, I don't think, Jack, that you have ever intro'd the, the, the movies.
Jack: Oh.
Jay: I don't know if you ever have.
Jack: I'm sure I have.
Josh: Have you?
Jack: I don't know.
Jay: Well, tonight we watched three movies. Uh, the first one was Kill Squad.
Josh: You blew it. You, you are dumb.
Jay: Uh, Josh, why don't you explain Kill Squad?
Josh: Oh, uh...
Jack: It shouldn't be hard because there's basically three scenes over and over.
Josh: I, yeah, I, basically, I could explain it by retitling the movie to Kick Squad. A fellow and his wife, they are good business people having good business times...
Jay: Business, business, business.
Josh: Who cares where...
Rich: General business, but good, good, good. Numbers go up.
Jack: I am a business man. You are a disinterested wife. That's just what the wife said.
Jay: I wasn't expecting such biting social commentary. It's because he's black.
Jack: Let's not, let's not gloss over that.
Jay: Why not? The movie does.
Jack: We were just about to gloss over the fact that his wife is pretty racist.
Josh: Or, you know what, we don't actually have confirmation on that. It's that he thinks she's racist. She might...she, he might, he might throw that shit at her all the time.
Jay: That's true. He could be completely off. We don't know. And we'll never know.
Josh: We'll never know.
Jay: Because she gets fucking killed immediately.
Josh: All of a sudden, there's a gang, led by Cameron Mitchell. They break into the house, uh, shoot him, rape and kill her. Moving on.
Jay: Oh, look at that.
Josh: Okay. We didn't have to sit through all of it. That's great.
Jay: It didn't have to be an awkward fifteen minute scene.
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: Any nudity is good, regardless of context.
Josh: Uh, Larry, the guy who helps Joe, uh, the businessman, run his business...
Jack: The black man...
Josh: The black fellow.
Jay: The afro.
Jack: ...who the wife may or may not like because of his, his blackness.
Josh: She does, she does not like him. We don't know why. So...
Rich: What's not to like. One of the employees is mad because he's, he's too lazy to make the, the tools they're manufacturing up to specifcations.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: When the boss insists he make the tools right, a kung fu fight breaks out between the employees and the boss.
Jay: Look at all the fighting in this movie.
Jack: Yah, karate!
Josh: Gimme more.
Jack: This is insane that they're having a karate fight right now.
Rich: It's the world's greatest work dispute, really.
Jay: This is, like, five minutes into the movie.
Josh: Yeah. It's all, it's right away.
Rich: This fight was so intense that the employee had to run and grab the workplace gun. Oh, my god!
Jack: Aughh! Yeah!
Josh: All right. I think we've learned who's in the right and wrong here. Only dipshits shoot their own foot.
Jay: That was amazing. In its designated slot...
Jack: The, that was the OSHA-regulated gun.
Jay: Yeah, that's where you store it.
Jack: It needs to be at every workplace. Yeah.
Josh: You got, you got the eye wash station, you got the gun area.
Jack: Of course.
Josh: Totally.
Jack: Just like every business has.
Jay: They apparently skimped on the training for the gun, though.
Josh: What a wonderful scene. So Joe, yeah, the businessman from the beginning, whose wife is dead, had been raped and murdered, he is paralyzed. He's in a wheelchair. He just wants to go to his garden. And, so Larry takes Joe to, uh, his garden, where they have a Vietnam flashback.
Jay: J-, Joe, right?
Josh: Joe.
Jay: Uh, they, they, they make him walk through the minefield. Just rests his hat on it. Well, the whole idea is Joe wants his old squad to get back together to help avenge his dead wife, I guess. So, yeah...
Josh: Oh, yeah, and find out who did it...
Jay: ...and find out who, yeah...
Josh: ...and take revenge.
Jay: Yeah, they gotta look into it. So in, so in scene after scene of, hey, we found guy, oh, he's in a situation with other people and has to kick his way out of it, and then we, then we approach him to say, come join the squad.
Rich: It's, it's this very surreal pattern.
Jay: Yes.
Rich: Cuz it, this, this, this, scene after scene, nothing deviates from the all-important pattern.
Josh: Cuz it's just, it's lockstep.
Rich: It's...
Josh: It really is.
Rich: There is a man who's thrown off of a, what is it, a four-story building?
Josh: I, I think they were three, but still.
Rich: Lands on a car, and he's fine. He fell off a building.
Jay: Onto a car.
Rich: Not only does he get up and walk after falling off of a three-story building, then he starts kicking ass.
Josh: Yeah. Every, the people who shoved him off the building, they need to get kicked.
Jay: They need to get kicked in the face. He kicks, he kicks them in the face, and then the rest of the squad comes in to...
Rich: On cue, right when the kicking's done.
Jay: On cue. Every scene, kick, kick, kick, kick, oh, the squad comes in to recruit.
Jack: Because the pattern is more powerful than the fall, you see. It's the superpower, it's not his superpower, it's the superpower of the pattern.
Rich: So, the, the, the universe this movie takes in won't accept any action that deviate from the pattern?
Jack: Yes.
Jay: Ooh...
Jack: Yes.
Rich: It's like a self-correcting universe.
Jack: Absolutely. Say, you know, the...
Rich: Like, like, if the squad wanted to meet up with a member who wasn't in trouble, the second the squad is nearby, trouble would just spontaneously happen, because the universe wouldn't allow anything else.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: So the reality starts re-, re-wrapping around the situation. And so the, suddenly, we have to beat you up now.
Josh: Yeah. Yeah. And they get kicked.
Jack: If you think about it, that makes an incredible amount of sense. Why else would that, uh, renegade pimp take over that pimp's corner?
Rich: Right at that time.
Jack: Right at that moment.
Jay: I guess I'm not a pimp anymore.
Josh: This is where I started to notice that whatever they were doing with their time...
Jay: They drop immediately.
Josh: ...done.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: The universe demands it.
Josh: We get the gardener, who's definitely being racist'ed at. 
Jay: Is that where everybody at this party just attacks him?
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Like, men, women, children, just start kung fu fighting.
Jay: Just everyone comes after him cuz he wants to be paid for his work.
Josh: The friends come in and take him away.
Jack: So much, and, you know, like, he has to stick with the formula so much that he leaves his work truck just sitting in that guy's driveway.
Jay: Well, now we need to point out, that is almost to the minute the first thirty minutes.
Josh: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Jay: And then we reach the next thirty minutes, again, almost to the minute, which is...
Jack: Almost as if it was written and directed by someone who is very particular about the thing.
Jay: Like, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Rich: Yes.
Jay: Because now the next thirty minutes is a series of scenes, much like the first thirty minutes is a series of scenes of people getting into a confrontation, kick, kick, kick, squad shows up. The next thirty minutes is, they go to a place, they interrogate a person, they end up in a kicking fight, and then a sniper shoots one of the squad members and kills him.
Rich: Five times.
Jay: And this happens over and over and over.
Rich: Confront, run, kick, snipe. Confront, run, kick, snipe. Confront, run, kick, snipe.
Jack: Break off into two again.
Josh: You, you're, you're missing an important step. You're missing a very important step.
Jack: Oh.
Josh: Which is that, everyone who works in the place that gets questioned by these guys, as soon as it's obvious that the kickfight is about to start, everyone else who works there immediately joins.
Jay: All these employees are loyal to each other.
Josh: Extremely fucking loyal.
Jack: I'm just here working on my truck, is that a kicking, I have to protect my friend.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: You think they'd just be, like, oh, man, those guys wanna fuck up our co-worker. Oh, well.
Jack: I guess I should call the cops.
Jay: We should, we should run away so they don't beat us up.
Josh: I don't wanna get hurt.
Jack: Wh-?
Jay: Did he just kill him?
Rich: Yeah.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Like, that guy was just innocent.
Jack: Yeah.
Josh: He just worked there.
Rich: He just saw him beating up one of his co-workers, and tried to help.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: So this is, so this is the next thirty minute chunk.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: The whole idea is that they're trying to track down, what is it, Dutch, is the guy's name?Jack: Dutch.
Josh: Yes.
Rich: Dutch is the guy that pulled the trigger, but ultimately, and this is important, they wanted to find out who hired him to pull the trigger.
Josh: Because he's just a working man, and that's his job.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: And, and for, and for all this next thirty minute scene, when, when somebody is snipered, we keep seeing, like, a masked figure.
Jay: We see the sniper, and he's, yeah...
Jack: We see, all in black, he's got a ski mask on.
Rich: At five different times.
Jay: And we do see Cameron Mitchell at one point...
Jack: Magically shows up.
Jay: ...in a, in a phone conversation, he's got a rifle. We're just, like, oh, it's Cameron Mitchell is the sniper.
Rich: He's wearing a mask cuz they didn't have Cameron Mitchell there every fucking day.
Josh: And he's not gonna do stunts. He's not gonna...
Rich: He's not gonna stunts.
Jack: He's not gonna climb up a water tower. That's not Cameron Mitchell.
Rich: There were, there were times it would have made far more sense for the sniper to just shoot all of our heroes...
Jay: Oh, yeah, that's something that needs to be pointed out.
Rich: ...before, before shooting his own henchmen.
Josh: He has every opportunity.
Jay: Every single time he shoots just one of them.
Josh: Yeah. He's got every opportunity in the world. When they trap...
Rich: He can't, he can't deviate from the pattern.
Josh: When the one of them gets shot, the other one's just, like...
Jay: Yeah, that's the thing. Maybe he wants to shoot the other ones, and the, the universe is forcing him not to.
Rich: I gotta go, I gotta go.
Jay: Now I gotta scale down this wall, I guess. I have no control over my body.
Rich: Like, this is the scene when, you know, the sniper gets unmasked, and they don't, they make a point of not showing it. And it was, it was, like, a tease. And it was, it was kinda jarring, cuz before then you're thinking it's, he's wearing a mask because they didn't have Cameron Mitchell to shoot.
Jay: Clearly, the sniper is supposed to be Cameron Mitchell.Rich: The second, the second there's a tease, it's like, oh, wait, there's a mystery. 
Jay: Why is there a mystery?
Rich: Why is there a mystery.
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: And, we, we, we, we suspected it was, uh, Joe, the guy in the wheelchair.
Jay: Well, the idea is so stupid that I think somebody suggested it as a joke.
Jack: Rich, are you saying that the universe re-wrote itself to the stupidness of the movie?
Rich: Then re-wrote us, Jack, watching it. Because we were supposed to have suspicions, and even though we didn't, the universe of this movie sucked us in.
Jay: So, spoiler, Joe was the sniper.
Jack: What?!
Jay: He, he wasn't really crippled. He has this whole stupid backstory as to why he was killing off all his friends.
Josh: Oh, he, he...
Jay: He was upset that he had to go through the mine field, even though his, his squad couldn't do anything about that.
Jack: He was upset that the Vietnamese forced him to walk through the mine field.
Josh: And it was their fault.
Jay: It was the squad's fault.
Rich: Why'd you have 'em shoot you, or pretend shoot you, for the sake of an audience that wasn't watching?
Jay: Oh, yeah. Well, okay, so that's the whole movie, but we do have to mention Cameron Mitchell, because we've barely mentioned him.
Rich: Yes.
Jay: No, this is, this is before the reveal that Joe is the killer. They go to Cameron Mitchelll's, uh, swinging pool party that he's having.
Josh: And it's just Larry by this point.
Jay: Yeah. Yeah, that's right, Larry's the only one that hasn't been killed in the squad. Weee! Everybody's just getting thrown in that pool.
Jack: But, luckily, they all have the same super weakness, which is, as soon as they enter the pool, they're done.
Jay: They just, they just can't get out.
Josh: Nope.
Rich: They're, they're out.
Jack: So, so much so that you can actually see one of the stunt guys watching them film.
Jay: He didn't realize he was on camera.
Jack: And as soon as he realizes he's on camera, he's, he like, tucks his head in.
Jay: Oh, oh, oh, I'm injured. Oh!
Rich: Well, they saw when, some of them, like, they thought the shot was over, and they started to get out.
Jack: No, no, no, no.
Josh: There's a lady that's walking by. She's just got a punch bowl, and is just, like...
Rich: She wasn't, she just walked in. She was just there for the party. She didn't mean to be in the shot. It was an accident. She wasn't expecting it.
Jay: That was actual craft services with the movie.
Rich: I had Mr. Mitchell's spiked punch!
Jay: That's the thing. It feels like the whole movie is building up towards Cameron Mitchell, and then he just gets shot. Ehh, he's done.
Rich: With the, that's the pattern, though. They get, uh, they get, they get shot before they have a full reveal, that's...
Jay: That's the strict pattern that we cannot deviate from.
Rich: It's like, it's like the opposite of Run Lola Run. Like, different things can't happen.
Josh: Oh, god. So it's not, it's not Terminator movie, where the universe blows up anyway.
Jay: Oh, yeah. It's Terminator 3.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Hey, remember that no-fate-but-what-you-make thing? Ehh, fuck that. They're all gonna die. Ryan's Babe. We're gonna talk about, we're gonna talk about Ryan's Babe now. Um...
Josh: Thank god it's not me.
Jay: Uh, no, this is Rich Evans.
Rich: Really?Josh: Oh, yeah.
Rich: You do that to me.
Jack: Before, before you talk about it, though, can we, can we talk a little bit about our decision to watch it?
Jay: It was just a wild card.
Josh: We expected road movie boner comedy.
Jay: I mean, you look at that cover.
Rich: Look at the cover.
Jay: Look at that cover.
Josh: Comedy thriller. The fuck does that mean.
Rich: The fuck is a comedy thriller.
Josh: Comedy thriller
Jay: It should be, it should be comedy thriller.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Or, or comedy thriller?
Jay: Whatever, whatever they describe it as should end in question marks.
Rich: It...
Jay: Rich, explain Ryan's Babe.
Rich: How am I supposed to explain something that has no noticeable structure.
Josh: Start from the...
Rich: H-, how?
Josh: Start from the beginning.
Rich: Uh, uh...
Jay: Okay, let's, let's, no, let's, let's explain it in, before we talk into how, like, nonsensical and weird it is, the, like, as it went along, we kind of understood it a little bit better.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: So explain, like, the basic story before we get into the weirdness.
Rich: Just, the basic story is, uh, there, there, there is a man named Ryan...
Josh: Mm-hmm.
Rich: ...and when we first meet him, he's driving down the road, and a woman takes him hostage, and then they're just friends.
Jay: What's happening? So now they're just friendly?
Rich: This is the quickest case of Stockholm Syndrome I've ever seen. And then they have a pleasant dinner.
Jay: Why is there a TV directly in front of their table?
Rich: And then she hears on the news that she's innocent of the crime she's been accused of, and then she jsut lets him go. So what did they say that has her so upset? She's no longer a suspect?
Jack: She's no longer a suspect.
Josh: Yeah, sge she didn't, she didn't kill her mom, so everything's great.
Rich: Oh, good.
Josh: Cool, but, yeah, he's, he's trying to get out.
Jay: It's his car! What?
Josh: We're not even ten minutes into the movie.
Jay: What is happening?
Rich: And, and, and then he, he drives some more, and he meets somebody else, and something whacky happens. And then he gets kidnapped by somebody. And then he goes somewhere else. And then he gets a job, and then three months have gone by, and a woman drugs him, and rapes him, and then he's an exotic dancer, and then he goes somewhere else, then he has lunch, and then he goes somewhere else, then his stalker has lunch with his mother, and then he goes somewhere else, but in the meantime, he's at the Grand Canyon, and then he goes somewhere else...and, and then the movie ends.
Jay: But Rich, what's his relationship with his stalker?
Rich: Oh, he's completely indifferent towards her until he decides he loves her. This is a movie about Ryan, and his whacky road trip of doom, and...
Josh: Cult classic.
Jay: Whacky road trip of doom is the best way to describe this movie, Rich.
Rich: Thank you.
Jay: That's perfect.
Rich: So, the movie obviously opens with a man about to murder a woman in the woods.
Jack: In our boner comedy?
Jay: I, I would say no hints that the movie is supposed to be a comedy, but I don't think there's any hints that the movie is supposed to be a comedy the whole way through.
Josh: No, because it's not, it's not a comedy.
Jay: It's not a comedy.
Rich: Her security guard tries to murder her.
Josh: Not on her side.
Rich: And then she turns the tables on him.
Josh: Yes.Rich: And, and flees out, and that's where she meets up with Ryan, and she carjacks him.
Jay: Ryan, who we, we don't know who he is. We don't know anything about him at this point. She just gets in his car. I assume that this was gonna be about them forming a relationship.
Rich: Yes!
Jay: But that's just, like, a little anecdote.
Rich: The setup is clear from here, right? I mean, she's taking him by gunpoint. All right. He's gonna be our hostage. But they're gonna go on adventures together. And, you know what, they're gonna get close. They're gonna, gonna learn about each other.
Josh: You know what it reminds me of?
Jay: Does anybody remember the movie The Chase, with Charlie Sheen?
Josh: Yes.
Jack: Yes.
Jay: That's what this is. Uh...
Josh: Uh...
Jack: That's what it...
Jay: But, no, that's what it feels like.
Jack: That's what it was going to be for that five minute chunk
Jay: Where it's, like, Charlie Sheen, he, you know, he kidnaps, uh, Kristy Swanon, and then they form a bond.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: And you realize that, oh, there's more to him than we thought, he's not just a thug.
Josh: But it's super accelerated, because we thought there would take some time there.
Jay: No.
Josh: The thing is, the movie already...
Rich: The next shot!
Josh: No, listen.
Rich: The next shot, they're friends.
Josh: Rich, wait, wait.
Rich: She hears that she's innocent, and she lets him go.
Jay: Well, and then it turns out that she's completely inconsequential, because then she's out of the movie.
Josh: Forever.
Jay: Forever ever.
Rich: She leaves him a nice note first that he reads right before the mafia mistakes him for another mob boss' son, and kidnaps him.
Jack: But, because they think he's a mafioso's son, then he leaves the mafioso's son in a truck and ends up on the side of a highway, which leads him to his next misadventure where he gets picked up by a trucker, where it's, like...
Josh: None of it really matters.Jack: Nothing matters!
Josh: None of it really matters.
Jay: Nothing really matters.
Josh: But, so, I wanna go, I wanna stop back to it, because we start in, basically, in the middle of, like, the beginning of act two.
Rich: You, you can't...
Josh: And then we have to circle all the way back around, because...
Rich: You, you, you can't analyze this like acts.
Josh: Yes, I can.
Rich: You, you...
Josh: No.
Rich: You explain it by detail, I'll, I'll, I'll come back, I'll be back in an hour, and then while you're still, when you're still talking about the third segment in the movie, I'll be coming back...
Jay: The third segment, which is the 42nd act, which leads into the 22nd act, which leads into the third act.
Rich: Fuck it, you're in charge, man. You, you fucking, you deal with it. You deal with that shit. I don't need this in my goddamn life. You think that I need Ryan's Babe in my fucking life.
Josh: I do, Rich. You wouldn't shut up about it.
Rich: You think I wanna explain the, the Inception flashback within a flashback within a flashback? You think I wanna talk about that?
Jay: Before we even know what's happening, we're, we're still with the, the woman that holds him hostage, and then we cut to a flashback of him and his bike getting run over. And we're like, where are we?
Jack: Now you lost your girlfriend, too? Do you remember when he was kidnapped?
Josh: I don't remember why.
Jay: Wait, what?
Josh: Wait.
Jack: Wait, what?
Jay: Oh, she faked it?
Josh: Wait.
Jay: Is that what's happening?
Jack: No, is this a flashback within a flashback?
Josh: I think it's, yeah.
Jay: What?
Jack: I think that's him, when he's a kid.
Jay: What?
Jack: And he's remembering when his bike got run over, and that gives him sympathy for the girl?
Rich: And then she steals money because she's crazy to buy him a bike.
Jay: I think what the movie is trying to say is that Ryan is, uh, enabling her...
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: ...by being, like, oh, you fixed my bike, thank you, we're gonna be friends, and then he leaves without her. I think it's supposed to be that he is, like, kind of an enabling her, like, weird relationship with him. It does it so poorly that it just comes across, like, she's obsessed with him...
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: ...and he's dismissive of it.
Jack: But, she is obsessed with him.
Josh: She's toxic. She's awful.
Rich: He's just trying to go out on a date with his girlfriend. And then she comes by to get in the way.
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: And then, and then we flash forward, cuz it's already in the flashback, to him on date with his girlfriend, and then she comes by on her bike to try and interfere with the date.
Josh: And she goes through...
Rich: And then she gets hit by a car, and then we flash forward, but it's still forward enough that we're not in a flashback, and she is trying to commit suicide.
Jay: What is happening?
Jack: Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Jay: Obsessed stalker girl tries, tries to kill herself.
Jack: In our boner comedy road trip movie.
Jay: Look at the cover for this movie.
Jack: A lady attempts suicide.
Josh: No one loves you.
Jay: Oh, well, and then her dad discovers what's going on. Best performance in the film.
Josh: Ooh, boy.
Jack: Can't, how, is there an Oscar for ADR? Remember in The Room, that one line where the mom is, like, I have cancer, not a big deal.
Jay: Yeah.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Like, that's the whole movie.
Jay: That's, that's the funny thing is, we watched the interview after, uh, with the director, and he talks about how, like, oh, we shot for the sake of, like, you know, keeping the production going along. We shot the whole movie without sound, and we dubbed it all later.
Jay: Which explains a lot.
Jack: Which is not, is not horribly uncommon. Um, it's usually done better.
Jay: Wait.
Josh: Whoa.
Jay: What.
Jack: What.
Rich: He just said two people's lines.
Josh: He did. I'll have another drink. No, you're cut off. Like, that's, that all happens out of the same mouth.
Jay: It all comes out of the same mouth. And then there's, like, and then that, and then there's just lots, and then there's just lots of really weird dialogue.
Jack: It should, it should be pointed out that the writer and director is a, an Asian-Indian man.
Jay: No, they, the writer-director's an alien. He comes from the same planet as Tommy Wiseau and Neil Breen.
Jack: Yes. 
Jay: They've all come to earth to make American movies, and they don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Josh: They reall don't. And they go for it 100%.
Jay: Yeah, I wonder if this would be funnier on second viewing, cuz first viewing, you're mostly just baffled.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Like, I looked over at Rich, and it was, like, like, the exact same reaction he had for Faust, when there was, like, gross body horror happening, where you're, like...
Josh: But with less behind him, and you're just, like...
Jack: Well, it, it's like, we haven't, and I don't even know if this is something that we can vocalize, there is such a lack of internal logic to the movie. Why Ryan gets from point A to point B is never explained, makes no sense. He...
Jay: Well, the whole idea is that he leaves, uh, Saskatchewan because the father of the weird stalker suicidal girlfriend...
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: ...wants to kill him.
Jack: It would be great if he was like, trying to accomplish something while all this wacky stuff happened to him.
Jay: Yeah, yeah, there's no.
Rich: I've got to get here.
Jay: Right.
Jack: That's it.
Jay: And all these wacky complications get in the way, like every road trip movie ever.
Jack: That's all, you need one line.
Rich: I've got to get to my sister's wedding.
Jay: Well, now we need to talk about the reocurring themes that happen that happen throughout the movie, uh, the first one being that the filmmaker, uh, has a piss obsession. He loves watching his lead actor piss in awkward positions.
Josh: No, that's not, ugh, God, come on.
Jack: Do you know how peeing works?
Ryan: Why did you make me go down on my knees?
Rich: What does she care if he runs away or not?
Josh: Someone's gotta be pay, someone's...
Rich: Preferably with somebody watching.
Jay: Somebody watching or telling him how to piss.
Josh: Yes.
Jay: Get down on your knees because it'll be harder for you to escape, while I watch you piss.
Josh: Don't close the door cuz I have to see you piss.
Jay: I'm, I'm, I love Shakespeare, and I'm also watching you. So keep the door open while you piss and I talk about Shakespeare.
Josh: And that's how, but that's how the structure was changing, because, in the end, at one point he's about to piss, he didn't have time to piss, he's gotta move on.
Jack: E-, e-, every, every little segment, is its own...
Josh: You're not buying a second of this, are you?
Rich: No, I'm just, I'm trying...I'm trying to catch up.
Jay: What is this, what's happening (...) What is this, the lottery? What is happening?
Jack: ...Where are you, also? Are you at your bar? Did you win $20,000 at your bar, the bar you work at?...Also, like, your girlfriend's is, is breaking up with you and is a, hooker, and doesn't like it and is having an abusive time, like...what?
Josh: I, I, I...
Jack: What is going on?!
Jay: What is happening?
Jack: You're expecting like a setup and payoff thing, he, the scene starts and he goes, I won $20,000!
Josh: And then he goes to an office where they give him $20,000.
Rich: In the...
Jay: And then he gives the $20,000 to the prostitute that he just met! 
Rich: Well, because...
Josh: Because she needs to go back to school.
Rich: Her husband took her and her daughter hostage off camera!
Josh: And he killed himself in the apartment off camera. So these characters are traumatized for life. This girl.
Rich: THIS ALL HAPPENED IN THE SPACE OF A MINUTE!!!
Jay: As we're talking about this, I'm like, this didn't happen. We didn't see this. But it did happen! It's real!
Rich: You know, this situation's a little bit crazy for me, I have to go home and get into a relationship with my stalker! 
Jack: She's Ryan's Babe?
Rich: Of COURSE she's Ryan's Babe, because this movie is...batshit crazy! I'm gonna go walk into the other room briefly, just to see if something insane happens.
Jack: Don't do it. Don't do it, something insane is gonna happen.
Josh: ...wasting cigarettes.
Jack: Something insane is gonna happen, Rich.
Rich: Something insane is gonna happen.
Jack: ....Does the movie know that you're about to leave?
Rich: Something insane is starting to happen! Something insane is starting to happen!
Jay: Yup.
Jack: As soon as you left! The movie knows!
Rich: You know, I...I think...I think I figured it out.
Josh: Really?
Rich: I think this movie was made by NASA.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: This is...
Jay: I'm listening.
Rich: This is like they took about 20 different movies, and put them in a vacuum chamber...And sealed them all up for like the astronauts to consume in space. Cuz you just, you just take all these movies, you just suck all of the details and air out, you compress an entire movie into a 2-minute vignette! And then you just get them all on one DVD so the astronauts can bring them all up to the mooooon!
Jay: We get a hostage movie, we get a, a love story, we get a Magic Mike-esque strip club sequence...
Rich: If we just let this out in the air for a bit, it's going to expand into about 20 different DVDs!
Jack: Just add a little water.
Jay: Ohhhh!
Josh: Oh, my, not my, my booze.
Jack: I feel incredibly bad for Demonwarp. Ryan's Babe...
Josh: I feel incredibly bad for us .
Jay: That's the right answer.
Jack: Was a little life changing for me, I feel like we've hit another level.
Jay: It was like discovering, it was like a scientist discovering a new life form. A new, a new species. And then, after that, being like, oh, that's a turtle...I've seen a turtle before.
Jack: Right, and it's like, oh, that's kind of a weird-looking turtle, but it's just a turtle.
Jay: I've been to outer space and back, and now, oh, now I'm in a McDonald's.
Rich: This is life on Mars?
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: I think, I think what I said while we were watching, maybe it was while watching Demonwarp, cuz we were talking about Lord of the Rings off camera earlier, and I was like, it's like the end of, uh, uh, Return of the King when they're all, they go back to the pub. Nobody around us understands what we've been through.
Josh: They'll never know.
Jay: We're changed. Some, uh, wounds will never heal.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: That, that's this movie, this is Mount Doom, and this is, this is going back to the little Hobbit community.
Jack: And, you know, it's nice, we, we all feel the warmth, but we're just not the same people.
Jay: Not the same, it doesn't have the same effect on you.
Josh: I really feel like after this, like, this and, uh, Surviving Edged Weapons, I feel like we're really winding down the shows…
Jay:...So what you're saying this is, this is the last episode of Half in the Bag that we'll ever do. Or Best of the Worst.
Josh: Pffff!
Jack: This...
Jay: Whatever show this is.
Jack: This is the last episode of Half in the Bag.
Josh: You know what? I'll say it. This is the last episode of Half in the Bag I'm ever gonna be on. I'm done. I'm done, I quit.
Rich: You don't, you don't even know how to start this, do you?
Jay: Jack, why aren't you talking about Demonwarp yet?
Jack: Uh, uhh, Demonwarp has some stuff goin' for it, but...maybe if this was our first movie tonight, like, ahhh, Demonwarp!
Jay: Oh, Demonwarp!
Josh: Aww.
Jack: But, but...
Josh: Aww, Kill Squad!
Jack: Coming off the heels of Ryan's Babe...it was almost just...adorable, like, oh, they had a bigfoot.
Jay: It was fine. Demonwarp is, uh, the middle 40 minutes of the movie are just the most adorable remake of Suburban Sasquatch
Jack: So the basic story of Demonwarp is, uh, there's a bigfoot running around in the woods.
Josh: Hmm mhm.
Jack: Umm, uh, what's...
Jay: George Kennedy.
Jack: George Kennedy and his daughter get attacked by the bigfoot, uh, and then a group of kids happens to be renting the same cabin later on.
Jay: That cabin, by the way, we got to point out, is the same cabin from Friday the 13th Part 4: The Final Chapter.
Rich: Wasn't there another connection, like, one of the people behind the scenes?
Jay: Oh yeah, the s-, this movie is credited story by John Buechler, who is John Carl Buechler, who directed Friday the 13th 7. He's mostly known as a special effects guy.
Rich: But he's, he's connected then to Part 7, not Part 4?
Jay: Not Part 4.
Josh: No.
Rich: Interesting.
Jay: Tom Savini did the effects for Part 4.
Josh: But it's hilarious to think that John Buechler one day was just like, oh, what is there was bigfoots but they were aliens?
Jay: Yeah, that's basically it, what if there were bigfoot but they were aliens? That's the movie.
Josh: Aww, did bigfoot eat all the pot?
Jack: That's why he's killing people, he's high, he's got the munchies.
Rich: Make the best of a bad situation! This is a bigger budget Suburban Sasquatch.
Jay: Basically.
Rich: Why the fuck is this called Demonwarp? I have a question.
Josh: Yeah?
Rich: Has Suburban Sasquatch ruined us for all bigfoot movies?
Jay: Yes.
Rich: It's got fine ideas, but it is completely ruined by spending half of the running time wandering around in the woods.
Jay: Right, right.
Josh: Uh, the ideas are there, the execution...meh.
Jack: Uh, okay, so we've reached that point, I'm taking it over.
Josh: Oh.
Jay: Man!
Josh: Buddy...buddy, come on
Jay: The fuck are you doing? You gotta...
Jack: I was getting to the wrap up, I was...
Josh: The opportunities are given to you, Jack Packard...
Jay: I gave you your moment.
Rich: You wasted your chance!
Josh: Refused!
Jay: No, go ahead, go ahead.
Josh: Oh, really? Really?
Jay: Go ahead.
Jack: Okay.
Jay: You waited too long. Uh. So, here's our three movies. Uh, um, Rich! Best of the worst?
Rich: Ryan's Babe. It was...
Jay: Don't you feel weird saying that?
Rich: I, I do, but it was a wonderful kind of confusion that kind of left me on the edge of my seat!
Jay: Yeah. Well, Josh?
Josh: ...This is hard.
Jay: Is it?
Josh: The long-standing, the long-standing...credo is most entertaining for whatever reason.
Jay: Whatever reason.
Josh: I was not entertained by this movie.
Jay: Okay.
Josh: Even though is was so blindingly weird that it had my attention, but I wasn't entertained, I was mostly infuriated.
Jack: Sure, sure.
Josh: I think I gotta go with Kill Squad.
Jay: Hmm!
Josh: Because of the lockstep patterns...like, pulled me in like a good pop song, the repetition just drew me in.
Jay: Sure.
Jack: Sure. It was just Call Me Maybe over and over again.
Josh: Yeah! Like, it's catchy. It's catchy, like, as, as...
Jay: It's the Best of the Worst equivalent of a really solid pop song.
Josh: Yeah! Yeah. So I'm gonna go with Kill Squad.
Jay: Alright.
Jack: That's totally fair.
Jay: Jack?
Jack: Uh, uh, that's totally fair with Kill Squad and I can totally, any other night, Kill Squad would have it, but I do feel after watching Ryan's Babe, and then finding out that the babe attempted suicide?
Jay: Was that the babe? We still don't know who the babe...
Josh: That was the babe!...Yes, Jay, he was going home to get her.
Jack: To the babe!
Jay: He met multiple babes, though!
Rich: She's the only babe that lasts the whole film.
Josh: She's the ultra babe.
Jack: You know, the one who stalked him, is creepily obsessed with him, and tried to commit suicide?
Jay: That's the babe.
Jack: That's the babe!
Rich: She's the one.
Josh: Alright.
Jack: Needs to be framed, needs to be put in a museum.
Jay: The dialogue is so fucking weird, the situations are so weird, everything about it is just so...like, the best bad movies it feels like it was made by an alien. They're all made by foreign guys.
Jack: A foreign doctor.
Jay: Uh, oh yeah, we didn't even mention that! This guy's a PhD!
Jack: Also, special notice that this is a, a, a fairly recent movie. Made in the 2000s...It's heartwarming to me when we find something that's more recent, cuz that just means that we will never ever run out.
Jay: I think all three of these movies were pretty good. It was overall an entertaining night, uh, Ryan's Babe, though, like, that brought us to a new...that was like the end of 2001.
