Mar 13, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_igaLv7ro8o
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/973543947556589570
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/372062476211050

Rich: Testing, testing? Okay, my mic's good, Jack, do you got...
Jack: Check, check, check?
Rich: Alright, you're good, you're good. Alright, so...we're playing Into the Breach, I'm ready to go.
Jack: Yeah, yeah. Um, oh! Just quick before we go live, uh, just make sure you don't talk about that thing that everyone is really upset about this week.
Rich: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jack: I know, it's a, uh, actually, you know what, let me go to the bathroom first.
Rich: Okay!
Mike: Oh, hi, Jack!
Jack: Hey, Mike!
Mike: Welcome to another episode of Best of the Worst!
Jack: Oh, actually, I was just about to start a stream?
Mike: What?...Hey! Did you notice the little red curtains here?
Jack: I...ah...oh! I did, so tell me all about these curtains.
Mike: Well, do you have any guess at what could be behind the red curtains? 
Jack: A very tiny one act play.
Mike: That's a very good guess, Jack, but you're wrong.
Jack: Oh.
Mike: Let me explain, as I open the tiny red curtains...ta daaaa!
Jack: That...doesn't look like anything, Mike.
Mike: Well, it looks like a bunch of VHS tapes.
Jack: But none of them are labeled, I don't understand what the bit is.
Mike: No! This is the very first ever Black Spine Edition of Best of the Worst, which is even more random than anything that we've done before, because not only could these be a movie, it could also be...a blank tape. It could be some...weird...porno...it could be some kind of conference or lecture from 1992...anything! It literally could be anything!
Jack: This is exactly what Best of the Worst has been missing, more randomization.
Mike: And more nonsense and terrible, terrible videos. Um, so...Jack, I guess you'll be the first.
Jack: Oh, my.
Mike: Randomly select a tape.
Jack: I'm so excited.
Mike: And, and literally, to our audience at home, this is not staged, I just wanna reiterate that these tapes, I don't know who put them here...m-, maybe, maybe Rich...uh...
Jack: I mean, most likely.
Mike: Like, oh, this is something weird, let me just put it over here, um, but no one remembers what's on this shelf, and so this isn't a bit, it's not set up, funny things, we don't know what the fuck is here, and this is our way of finding out, is why not do a show about it?
Jack: Right.
Mike: Instead of just looking at them?
Jack: Uh...
Mike: If one of these tapes happens to be...a grandma who has recorded episodes of Bob Ross.
Jack: Right.
Mike: You win the day. If that just happens to happen. That would just be an amazing coincidence.
Jack: Wouldn't that be great? But like, one of these could be, like, a, a home movie...from one of your home movies
Mike: It's possible, possible.
Jack: We don't know anything, uh, so I'm gonna go, kind of, you know...right...in the ce, do they have front titles?
Rich: We don't know.
Mike: Oh god.The first tape is.
Jack: Uh, Blackstreetboyz.
Rich: I'm done. I'm done.
Jack: What's the Blackstreetboyz? 
Mike: Well, that was a success. Our first pick.
Rich: I remember when we used to watch movies and not just...whatever, random crap.
Mike: Yeah, I know. It's unfortunate, but this is the way it has to be. Are you ready to pick our next tape, Rich?
Rich: But, Mike, you insisted on doing this, we have plenty of movies to watch.
Mike: I figured we had too many movies...
Rich: We could watch some of the movies.
Mike: No, I think it's funner if we watch random unmarked tapes. And our audience would enjoy that more as well...Ready to pick the next VHS tape, Rich?
Rich: I guess.
Mike: No, not that one! Not that one!
Rich: It's gonna be a snuff film, isn't it?
Mike: Oh, it has a label. Oh god. Oh, no. Uh, oh god.
Rich: Don Beveridge, Customization Seminar 
Mike: What's the year? 
Rich: Ahhghgghg, from 1998.
Mike: Now, is it about beverages or is...
Rich: I think his name is just Beveridge.
Mike: Is it about customized beverages? I'm really confused...Alright, Rich.
Rich: I, I, why? 
Mike: It's time to watch Don Beveridge's Customization Seminar.
Rich: We almost watched Cryptz today! We could've been watching Cryptz right now!
Mike: Quit complaining. 3 hours and 42 minutes.
Rich: Whatever you wanna do, whatever you wanna do with this episode, and he specifically, he went out of his way, he said he wanted to make us suffer. He just, he wanted to take everyone else down with him. This is Mike's 9/11.
Rich: Tell the crew to push the Whopper button! You got a Whopper button, you gotta push it or else your Whopper's cold. D.K.E.Y! Minus the value over x!
Jack: Multiplied by foo boo!
Rich: Remember that, foo boo!
Mike: Well, Don Beveridge sure does know how to throw a customization seminar! How many times have I said that before?
Jay: So we gotta do a third one.
Mike: Yes, typically we do 3. I was thinking of 6...but we'll stick to format.
Jack: The first two were short, we could do way more.
Mike: We could do ‘em all!
Jack: We could continue to watch all of these if we really wanted to.
Mike: That's not a bad idea.
Jack: We could leave!
Jack: We, or we could leave.
Mike: Alright, we'll do one more.
Jack: Okay.
Mike: That's your pick, Jay...Your instinct says pick from the middle, but nobody's...
Jack: No, no! I, my, actually, I was going to pick this one, I think, because it's in a case. It's the only one in a case, which makes it special. So maybe the contents of the tape are also special.
Mike: Let's see.
Jack: Is there a front thing? No, there isn't, okay. So this adds an extra layer, first I have to.
Mike: So much.
Jack: Dramatically pull it out, and now I have to dramatically pull it out of the case.
Mike: It's like opening a Wonka bar. Oh, my god. What does it say, what does it say?
Jack: Plymouth International Ice Spectacular!
Mike: Ooh! The word spectacular is in the title.
Jack: It's another short one, though!
Mike: Alright!
Jack: So we got that going...which is good.
Mike: Let's go watch Plymouth International Ice Spectacular.
Jack: Alright, I'll, I'll meet ya, I'll meet ya over there.
Mike: Okay.
Jack: Okay.
Mike: Don't run away! Oh, get back here!
Jack: C'mon, Rich, go! Run! Run!
Mike: You fuckers! You fuckers! I got your car keys! I got your car keys, you fuck!
Jack: It's locked too, Rich!
Mike: You can't escape from me.
Jack: I don't wanna die!
Mike: Where do you think you're going?
Jack: That's staged. By the way, preemptive you're welcome for having Backstreet Boys music stuck in your head for the rest of the day
Mike: Aaaand hit it! Just enough not to get flagged by Youtube robots.
Rich: I'm done.
Mike: Normally, a demo reel for an actor would be like, here's like 5 or 6 different projects I was on, student film, a little bit part in CSI: Miami, where I played, like a homeless person, on a bench.
Jack: Or a dead body, you know that's what Daisy Ridley did before Star Wars? She was like, a dead...cadaver.
Rich: Excuse me.
Jack: Okay.
Mike: And then their, their, like, live performance stuff, where they're--he was riding around on like a little tiny tricycle and they were trying to do...
Jack: That was when you realize that they were desperate.
Mike: It, it...
Jack: We'll try anything!
Mike: It smelled of desperation, and they're at, like, the State Fair in Ottawa, Canada. There's just a whole bunch of white people, and they're like you ain't never seen black people from Compton! and there's like, oh, ho! Oui, oui! They're like, confused Canadians, and they're like...
Jack: Everything's wrong.
Mike: Stick to the dancing.
Rich: Here's the depressing thing, here, here's, here's what's going on here...
Mike: It's just one depressing thing?
Rich: It's...it's like a slow fall, it was videotaped, it's like The House of Usher, where it just collapses over time, ‘cause we see a date in this. When they're doing the street performing it's 2002.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: On a camera that looks like it was from the early 90s. But it's 2002. We know that the nice-looking dancing, that's from a show that aired in the early 90s.
Jack: The early 90s was Roundhouse, yeah.
Rich: And that stuff looked really nice.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: So what we see here is, early on, nice production value, good dancing, TV show!
Jack: Hmm-mhm.
Rich: Then we're go, oh, we're, we're in some student films now, some quality student films, now, now we're doing our shitty stand up. Oh, now we can't get booked at any clubs, now we're just on the fucking street!
Mike: The height of their success they look like they're between 16 and 18? And the low point of their success they're 25 to 30, and they're, they're street hustling Canadians.
Jack: Yes.
Mike: And it's like, ooh, I don't wanna book these guys. And that's not the reaction you want from a demo reel.
Jack: To be fair, I can't imagine there's much upward movement in the world of b-boy dancing.
Mike: To be State Fair.
Jack: Shit, dog.
Mike: In Ottawa.
Jack: Just dance...this is like embarrassing. So, moving on! Uh, uh, the next tape that we watched in this horrible failure nightmare experience was Don Beveridge, uh, 5/1/98 customerization seminar. Is that a word? It must be a word. I trust Don Beveridge. He's a man of confidence, that Don Beveridge. He's a fucking lunatic.
Jack: He's a confidence man, is what you're saying? He's a confidence man. He exudes friendliness.
Rich: You gotta be friendly! You gotta be friendly, you stupid motherfucker!
Jack: Tell those assholes to clean it up!
Rich: Push the Whopper button, for fucks sake! Is this...is this like, is, like, a doctor gonna walk in front of the screen and start talking about the symptoms of some kind of cognitive disorder? These are the signs.
Mike: Don Beveridge's Disease? 
Jack: Or what if this is like a social experiment where they get these people in to watch this seminar, and then they just have this guy rant about nonsense to see how long it takes them to figure it out?
Mike: Yeah.
Jack: But for the past 30 years no one has figured it out...taking his advice, so they're taking notes still.
Mike: And he somehow become the world's leading business expert.
Jack: What does he have with bagels? Yeah, fuck yeah, bagels! Why does he keep talking about bagels?
Mike: I looked up Don Beveridge, um, and he's not just a fraud, he's written about six, seven, eight books about business, he was, uh, uh, I don't know if he was a CEO or he worked with many businesses, it lists them.
Jack: Did he have anything to do with any companies involving bagels?
Mike: No.
Jack: That's shocking.
Jack: Loves bagels.
Jack: That man loves to talk about bagels.
Rich: Bagels and Whopper buttons.
Jack: Sounds like he's a character on The SImpsons or something.
Mike: Or The Office or Parks and Rec or some kind of tv show...it's Don Beveridge!
Jack: But the funny part is, whatever that character would be on any of those shows, would be Don Beveridge.
Mike: It's true.
Jack: This is him, he's real.
Jack: And he's beautiful. So moving on to our third tape, uh, our final tape of this black spine collection series.
Jack: The greatest idea.
Jack: The first and last in its, uh, series.
Mike: We're gonna do it again.
Jack: Was Plymouth International Ice Spectacular.
Mike: Well, this was a tape from a small town in Michigan, I think? That has an ice sculpting competition every year, and this tape is meant for corporate sponsors so they can choose to donate money to sponsor an event about people sculpting ice...uh, and get some advertising in through this event...uh, it features people sculpting ice with chainsaw. Oh, fuck it! It's time that we talk about Partners!
Jack: What?
Jack: Partners?
Rich: What?
Jack: Partners!
Rich: Oh my gawwwwd.
Jack: Yeah!
Mike: I'm throwing the whole Black Spine thing in the garbage...
Jack: This is now a Spotlight episode.
Rich: Surprise!
Mike: We're done talking about these terrible tapes that we watched in our Black Spine edition, and we watched one of our favorite, favorite B movies of all time, a film called Partners.
Jack: Yeah!
Mike: Which is in, which is in our secret B movie vault.
Jack: Like the Disney vault, but for terrible movies that no one should ever watch.
Mike: Yes, kind of like Suburban Sasquatch, a film that we've watched, uh, collectively many times before and enjoyed.
Rich: We, we've been sitting on this, waiting for the right moment to spring Partners on the world, just the right, perfect moment, and instead we just did it because we were too bored with the other shit that we were watching. Now we're focused on the void between two people...that's the center of the scene.
Jack: Well, this is the amazing thing, in rewatching it tonight, in preparation for this discussion, there were so many things that I either forgot about or didn't remember, or didn't see the fir, like, I don't know if we watched this all the way through...
Mike: We have.
Rich: I think the first time through we were just shelled shocked.
Jack: Maybe.
Rich: ‘Cause you see the...the 180 rule being just like, blatantly violated five times in a row and you're so shocked from that, you...
Jack: It's, it's violated in a way where you have to wonder if it's intentional, like is this a, I'm gonna break all the rules as a filmmaker! Well, the thing is like, now we've established that we think the movie is bad, we've enjoyed it over the years, this is the point where we would normally say, so, let's talk about the story, but I have no idea what the fuck this movie's about. It's a cop movie, and that's it.
Rich: I think I know what it's about?
Jack: Your head's gonna twist all the way around.
Rich: It is.
Mike: Maybe you should be like a politician. I think I'm gonna...pass that bill?
Jack: Uh, and so, he has his detectives, who we don't even know are detectives at this point, as far as we know they're just two dudes driving in a car.
Jack: Yeah.
Mike: Who like to fist bump.
Jack: They do like to fist bump randomly...
Jack: Only after moments of awkward silence. They're just sitting there in silence, and then, just out of nowhere.
Rich: You need, you need another fist for that...
Jack: Aw.
Mike: Are you saying we have a problem with that, we just did it.
Jack: But you were motivated to do it. By the discussion.
Rich: It just ha-...
Jack: It's unrelated.
Rich: It just happens every now and then.
Jack: Oh, okay, alright.
Jack: If you just don't talk for like, 5 minutes straight, you gotta, you gotta do something.
Mike: Or else it's super gay. I've never driven around with just a dude for more than, like, 10 minutes without occasionally going like that. Or else it's so homo. The titular partners meet cop and his badge is turned, after many takes, no one noticed...uh, they go to a crime scene. We have cop guy and his partner, uh, Bald Guy?
Jack: Bald Guy and...Nice Hair?
Mike: Nice Hair Man, um, they go to a crime scene, uh, and they, the, there's a body there. And that leads them...
Jack: Behind generic caution tape.
Mike: Caution tape...
Jack: A, actually, before you go too far in this...
Mike: We, we, we're on the first scene. He starts shooting his gun...he shoots one of the mobsters, the gun stops...one of the assassination targets takes out his gun, fires it, and then shoots himself in the chest. And then they never show the other guy shooting again.
Jack: The gunman is done shooting and started running away.
Mike: He fires his gun and then shoots himself. And whether or not that was a really unfortunate ricochet, or he just, or, or just terrible editing.
Rich: He bought those Australian bullets.
Mike: Boomerang!
Rich: Yeah, you got it...
Mike: You did it. You did it. Made a successful joke. Australian bullets...it was really good, Rich.
Rich: Oh, look at how many bumps there are on the back of his ear.
Mike: Oh, he had his ear pierced in 1994, I could tell by the way that the technique was done. But listen, listen...you're talking about, you're talkin' about...it's so in focus.
Rich: The best part about that scene, though, was the desk lamp.
Jack: Oh, yeah! This is a Space Cop comparison number one, of at least two, um, which is when you have the famous interrogation scene that all these cop movies have, and you have the overhead light that's like, blaring down on everybody. But in this scene, they couldn't be bothered to do that or they didn't know how to do that, so they just put a desk lamp and pointed it directly at his face. It's this tiny little desk lamp.
Jack: Frankly, it's adorable.
Rich: The cuts between that then the, just the extreme close-ups.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: It's magic. Well, the corkboard scene, let's talk about the famous corkboard scene, alright? And we call it the famous corkboard scene because it's, it's the, it's the best thing we collectively have ever seen.
Mike: Well, well, well, our reaction to it in this was mild. In our screening room footage.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: ‘Cause we've seen it before.
Rich: ‘Cause we've seen it a number of times.
Mike: First time we've seen this movie and we watched the famous corkboard scene...we laughed...tenfold.
Jack: We might've had to pause the movie at that point.
Rich: Rich: Yeah, we definitely had to pause the movie.
Mike: I think I threw up, from laughing so much.
Jack: But we have to assume that he glanced at the lens, at one point.
Rich: I don't make that assumption.
Jack: We have to assume.
Rich: I don't make that assumption. How can you watch this movie and make that assumption? 
Mike: And I think, I think, yeah, his strong point is chara, is telling a story. And his weak point...
Rich: What the fuck are you talking about?!
Mike: On a grade, on a grade, Rich.
Jack: The Iengo Grade.
Jack: The Iengo Curve.
Mike: The weak point is the technical stuff.
Jack: You broke Rich!
Mike: I'm, I'm working with what I got, here.
Jack: I mean, you're not wrong.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: Relatively speaking.
Mike: Relatively speaking. He's trying to tell this, this story about two partners...one, one has wife troubles, his wife says you work too much, you don't care about our family. The other cop is, he, he's like, I'm cop.
Jack: Rich is checkin' out. Masterful...masterful.
Mike: It's the Space Cop plant.
Jack: The partners have had a long partnering. And they go to the diner, and we get a little treat, a little Easter egg. A little director cameo.Mike: That's when that happens? 
Rich: Yeah. It's at the very end of the movie.
Jack: It's the last scene of the movie.
Rich: Well, it was obvious that this was a director cameo.
Mike: Yes.
Rich: It was blatantly obvious, but we had... 
Mike: ‘Cause there was a zoom in?
Rich: It's me! Oh!
Jack: And he's wearing a t-shirt that's clearly a reference to something.
Rich: To some other thing he was involved with, and he pulls the paper down, it's meee! Who the fuck are you? It's the epitome of what makes a good bad movie, the, the clueless director.
Mike: The clueless director, and a film that keeps on giving. And that is Partners, there there is so much...
Rich: There's so much giving.
Mike: So much giving...probably so much yet to discover...
Rich: We'll probably be able to hear Grandpa snoring in the background next time.
Guy: Patience, honey. Patience.
Mike: We love this film.
Jack: Yes.
Mike: Uh, and we love it in a bad movie kind of way and we encourage everyone who's watching this program right now...to find their copy of Partners.
Jack: It's still available on DVD...for, for about 5 minutes until...this video goes up, and then it's not anymore.
Rich: Expect exorbitant prices.
Jack: It's worth it, it's worth it. And Peter Iengo is still working, we actually looked him up.
Jack: He has a movie on Amazon Prime Now that, like, it looks like a movie!
Rich: It looks competent, yes! 
Jack: Yeah! We were like, okay! This is a movie!
Jack: We did, to be fair, we scrubbed through it a little bit, we didn't have time to watch the full movie...
Jack: Oh, I'm sure the movie's terrible. But it looks like a movie.
Rich: Peter Iengo has any sense. He has done his best to scrub any trace of this movie.
Jack: Guess what, Pete, start making copies. You're gonna have some orders soon.
Mike: It's going in the B movie hall of fame. Just...accept that fate...and make a buck off it, at this point, yeah.
Rich: Ey, ma, we got a, I'm just doing generic, ey, uh, I'm a, I'm guy, I'm from New York, eyy!
Rich and Jay: Eyyyy!
Jack: Suck my balls, ehhh.
Rich: Ey, suck my balls, ma!
Mike: I'm from Joisey!
Rich: Shut up, ma, look, we gotta get those crates of Partners DVDs out of the basement! They're worth a fortune, ma, shut up!
Mike: I know you're using them to hold the trailer up! 
Rich: Ma, needs a new trailer!
Jack: Partneeers!...Oh, actually, shit, I gotta, I gotta go, I forgot something.
Rich: Oh.
Mike: What did he forget? Where is he going?
Jack: Hey, Rich.
Rich: That was a long bathroom break.
Jack: Yeah. I'm back. Alright.
Rich: Alright, let's get going.
